








A/N: This is my first fan-fic so be kind. I've revised it
and am reposting it because…I felt like it. Anyway, it's PG-13 for future
chapter this one is pretty G though I'd say. This chapter is just setting up
for what I hope to be a long story. I know, I know, this type of story is
EVERYWHERE, but it's my favorite kind (gotta love MWPP). Enjoy! Review! Be
Merry!

 

 

Disclaimer: Anything that you recognize doesn't belong to
me. Anything that you don't recognize probably DOES belong to me. Got it? Here
we go…

 

 

 

The
Whole Story by Ebony_Ice 

CHAPTER
1- The Life and Family of The Marauders 

 

So, you want
to know the whole story? You know what I mean, the story of Moony, Wormtail,
Padfoot, and Prongs. Well, you've come to the right place. I know what you're
thinking. You're thinking that this is just another fairy-tale speculation,
hardly based on truth. However, you would be wrong! I happen to have the whole
inside story. However, to really tell this story, you're going to have to have
to hear the story of their closest friends as well. What? Did you really think
they were loners? Wrong again. At any rate, let's get started because I don't
have all day. This is how it goes…

 

There once was
a small, slightly chubby boy who had led a relatively simple life. He lived
with his mother in small, but cozy house in the country. He lived miles from
any other children and so besides school he never really had anyone his age to
talk to, to listen to, or to just 'hang out' with. He often felt like he was
all alone and wanted little more than to someday find true companions. It
seemed as though the boy would never escape from his loneliness.

One day, the
boy sat at the breakfast table, eating quietly, when a small brown owl swooped
in from an open window and nearly landed in his eggs. The boy leapt out of his
chair, causing it to fall over. He hated owls ever since he was a child, which
was not good for the boy since his mother was a witch and there were constantly
owls flying in and out of their windows. The boy spotted the letter that the
owl was carrying and moved slowly to take it away.

"Nice owl.
Good owl. Please, don't hurt me!" he pleaded, as his hand gradually inched
closer. The owl gave him a strange look and hooted gently. "Ack!" The boy
jerked his hand back. He stared at the owl for a moment before deciding that it
wouldn't hurt him and slowly reached out and took the letter from the owl and
hastily backed away. The owl hooted again and began to eat the boy's toast.
"Hey! That's mine!" The boy moved forward, but the owl hooted, having picked up
on his fear, and once again the boy retreated. "Okay, I guess you can have it."
He watched as the owl picked up the piece of toast that it had been nibbling
and flew away.

The boy stared
out the window for a moment before he remembered the letter in his hand. He
held it up to his face and saw that it was addressed to him. 'Who would owl
me?' The boy thought to himself. 'There's only one way to find out.'
He turned it over and saw the Hogwarts seal. 'It couldn't be! Could it?'
He was convinced that he would end up as a squib. He hadn't really shown any
signs of being a wizard, so he had just assumed… 'But if I weren't a wizard,
why would Hogwarts send me a letter?' He reasoned. He was almost afraid to
open the letter, what if it said something terrible? He stared at the letter
for a moment, then decided he was being foolish and quickly ripped the letter
open and he could barely believe what he saw.

"MUM! I GOT A
LETTER FROM HOGWARTS! I'M GOING TO BE A WIZARD, MUM!" he cried. 'Can this be
real! What if it's a trick? But who would do that?' A young, exhausted
looking woman walked into the room.

"What are you
going on about, Peter?" she asked.

"I got a
letter from Hogwarts, Mum!" he said with a slight glimmer in his eyes. "I'm a
wizard!" The change that occurred in the woman's face was astonishing, to say
the least. She looked as though someone had told her Christmas would come early
this year.

"Let me see
it!" She grabbed the letter out of his hands and read it over carefully. "Oh,
Peter! You're going to be a great wizard I just know it! You're going to learn
Potions, and Charms and Transfiguration and how to fly! Oh, Peter!" She was on
the verge of tears as she took her son in her arms and whispered in his ear,
"I'm so proud of you!"

 

*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*

 

Elsewhere… a
young, lanky sort of boy lay spread out across his bed. He was trying to rid
himself from the pain left from the previous night, the full moon. Ever since
he was 7 years old, the night of the full moon has been known to him as a night
to be feared. You see, this boy wasn't like other boys his age, he was a
wizard. Even stranger, he was a werewolf and it is because of this that he
feared the full moon. His transformations caused him a great deal of pain each
month and made it nearly impossible for him to ever become a fully trained
wizard. For a long time the boy couldn't understand why people looked at him in
disgust or pity or fear when they found out what he was. But the boy was strong
and learned to live with the way people treated him. He learned to live with
the fact that his Muggle father left him and his mother, on the boys' 8th
birthday because he couldn't live with his sons' condition. He even learned to
live with his stepfather who wasn't afraid to show, in very violent ways, just
how much he hated him, as long as the boys' mother never found out. He was
forced to grow up faster than most children and this helped him to become
stronger, almost unbreakable. Almost.

The only
person who had ever truly loved him was his mother and she was rarely around
anymore. She was usually away on business, trying to support their family. She
works for The Ministry of Magic in The International Magical Cooperation
Department. 

His stepfather
was an unemployed, drunk, who only pretended to like the boy when his wife was
around. When she wasn't around, things tended to get ugly. The boys' stepfather
often got abusive, mostly verbally, but sometimes physically, and when the
boys' mother came back, she would assume that any bruises her son had were from
his transformations and the boy never said otherwise. He supposed he could tell
her, but then she would leave her husband and they would start over again and
the last thing the boy wanted to do was cause his mother to lose more people
she loved because of him. He hated feeling like he was a burden to her, so he
kept his mouth shut about his problems and just tried to make it through each
day alone.

As for
friends, the boy didn't have any. Most of the children around his age were
witches and wizards and the boy was scared to death that someone would find out
about his 'abnormality', as his stepfather put it. Muggles were less likely to
find out about his secret and it would have been easier to be friends with
them, but he lived in a mainly wizarding community.

And so, the
boy kept to himself and more often than not, the boy was found with his nose
buried in a book. It wasn't that he especially liked reading, not that he had
anything against, but he found that it was an easy way to keep people from
getting to close to him. Even though the boy learned a lot from the time he
spent reading and studying, he longed for something more. He found that, no
matter what he did, he could not quash his need for adventure. It was like a
fire that burned inside him and it could never be put out.

The only the
boy ever wanted was to have some real friends who wouldn't judge him because of
his condition. Friends who he could trust and who would trust him. Friends who
were not afraid to get in a little trouble, because no matter what the boy made
people believe, trouble was what he craved. He didn't understand it, trouble
was bad, right? But that was what he wanted. He wanted to live dangerously, for
once, and not have to care about the consequences. Unfortunately, he would
probably never get the chance at having true friends or living dangerously. 

No headmaster
or headmistress in their right mind would allow him to come to their school,
knowing what he was, so there was no chance that he would ever become a fully
trained wizard. The boy always dreamed to attend Hogwarts, his father talked
about it so excitedly, but when the werewolf bit him, all his dreams were
squashed.

"Remus Lupin!
Get down her right now!" 'Uh-oh' Remus thought. He recognized the voice
as his stepfathers. Remus slowly rose from his bed and trotted down the stairs
to where his stepfather stood, holding a letter in his hand. "Do you know what
this is boy?" his stepfather demanded.

"No, sir."
Remus answered solemnly.

"It's a
letter," his stepfather paused for a moment and then smiled in a twisted sort
of way and continued, "from Hogwarts." Remus felt his jaw drop. 'It couldn't
be, could it?' "Congratulations, son!" He grabbed Remus in a bone-crushing
hug, the first Remus had ever received from his stepfather. "You're going to
Hogwarts!" Remus wasn't sure if his stepfather was happy because Remus would
become a wizard after all or if he was happy to have his stepson gone, but it
didn't really matter. All that mattered was that Remus would finally have his
dreams come true.

 

*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*

 

Somewhere, not
too far away… a tall, but somewhat athletic looking boy wandered through the
halls of his so-called 'home'. This boy lived in a mansion that was unusually
cold and lacked what was needed most in a home. Love. He lived with his mother
and father and though he loved them both dearly, he rarely got the chance to
see them. His parents were usually away on business or at the least busy in
their home offices. He also had a younger sister, Octavia, but she was spoiled
rotten and the boy couldn't stand to be around her for more than 5 minutes and
that was on a good day.

'People
think money can solve all their problems,' the boy thought, 'but
they're wrong. They don't know what it's like to have to spend all your time
with rich snobs. They don't know what it's like to have your parents say they
love you one minute and then the next have them gone. "We have to work hard to
keep this life" They say, "isn't that what you want?" They don't understand how
much I hate living in what should be declared a museum, where everything has to
be in its place including me. They just don't understand.' 

The truth was,
this boy was lonely. Most of the time he didn't have his parents to talk to and
he blatantly refused to talk to Octavia. The only other people around the house
were the servants and they were little more than robots, except for James of
course, but he was much older and wasn't exactly what an 11-year old boy
considered an ideal best friend. He did have a dog, but he didn't provide many
intelligent conversations. Outside the manor, he was forced to mingle with rich
snobs who he hated. 

There was one
person that he had grown close to over the years, his cousin, Bianca.
Unfortunately, she started at a new, far away, boarding school this past year.
She was now home for the summer, but she'd be returning to school in the fall
and the boy would be on his own again. Still, it was good to have her home,
even if it was just for the summer. She hadn't changed much over the year, she
grew a little bit maybe, but other than that she was still the same old Bianca.
The only weird thing was that she flat out refused to talk about her school.
The first time the boy asked about it, she told him, rather rudely, that it was
none of his business.

The boy was so
lost in his thoughts that he almost missed the large snowy owl perched
on the windowsill. 'What would owl be doing here?' The boy thought.
'And what is…is that…is that a letter?' The boy looked at the owl in
awe. 'Since when do owls carry letter?' The boy moved closer to take a
look.

"Hey Sirius!
What are you doing?" Sirius jumped, startled by this unwelcome interruption.

"Octavia
leave! NOW!" Ignoring him, Octavia went on.

"Why did you
bring that thing in here?" Sirius spun around.

"Are you deaf?
Leave…me…ALONE!" Sirius roared, but his sister didn't budge.

"I should tell
Mum and dad that you brought a filthy little owl inside!" she threatened.

"They're in
Paris, you little git, they're not going to be back until tomorrow night!"

"Fine! Then
I'll just tell James!" Sirius let out a frustrated sigh and turned back to the
owl. If James found out there was an owl in the house, there would be hell to
pay. Sirius decided he simply could not allow that to happen. He was going to
try to shoo the owl away, but first, he wanted, no needed to have a look at
that letter He stuck out his hand to grab it from the owl but before he could
reach it… "JAMES!" Octavia screamed at the top of her lungs. "SIRIUS BROUGHT AN
OWL INTO THE HOUSE!" James probably hadn't heard her, it was a big house, but
the owl had and it was not pleased. It had apparently, in Sirius' opinion at
least been driven a bit mad by the high pitched, mirror breaking screams and
was now out for revenge. It took flight and started diving straight for Sirius'
head.

"ACK!" Sirius
yelled as he quickly ducked out of the way as the owl missed him by a mere few
inches. "MAD OWL! MAD OWL! HELP!" he wailed. The bird had begun to chase after
Octavia, who ran straight into an open broom closet and shut the door,
screaming all the while. The owl turned around and came towards Sirius again.
"OH SSSHIIII…" The owl flew faster and faster as it came towards Sirius. Sirius
backed up, but the owl was only inches away and before he knew the owl had
slammed into his head, knocking him off balance and sending him flying
backwards. The owl wasn't done yet, though. It came back around and hovered
over Sirius, who was now lying flat on the ground. The crazed bird looked as
though it was getting ready to dive again. "OH NO!" Sirius cried as he covered
his head with his arms and squeezed his eyes shut as he prepared for the blow,
but it never came. After a minute, Sirius slowly pulled his arms away from his
head and opened one eye, just in time to see the owl…

SPLAT!

…let go right
on his head.

"EEEEWWWW!"
Sirius spit. "Dumb bird!" The owl landed next to him on the floor and hooted
gently, noticeably calmer. Sirius sat up and wiped the owl dung off his face
onto his shirt. He turned to look at the bird and asked, "What the hell did I
ever do to you?" The hooted again, more forcefully this time. "Is it my fault
that I have a loudmouth for a sister?" Then Sirius remembered the letter. "Can
I see the letter now, please?" The owl made no sound and Sirius took this as a
yes, so he carefully pulled the letter away from it. He examined it closely.
"Hmmm…well it's addressed to me so I guess I can open it, right?" He looked at
the owl for reassurance. It hooted excitedly. "My thoughts exactly!" He ripped
the letter open excitedly and read it. "A wizard?" He raised an eyebrow.
"Wizards aren't real. Are they?" he asked the owl.

"No! What
nonsense!" came a voice from above. Sirius looked up and saw an older man in
what appeared to be a cheap tux staring down at him.

"Hi James."
Sirius said, grinning toothily.

 

*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*

 

Somewhere
else… there's a boy who is somewhat shorter than the previous two. He sat in
his cramped room (it was cramped because he had to share it with his 5 year old
brother who seemed to have a never ending pile of toys) staring out the window.
He was wondering why he hadn't received his Hogwarts letter yet. He was almost
positive that he was a wizard. He had always been able to do a little bit of
magic when he really wanted to and he could fly, rather well actually. Yet the
end of summer was approaching and he still hadn't received the letter.

'What if it
doesn't come?' The boy thought, 'What if I'm not a wizard at all? What if
being able to fly is just a fluke? Mum and dad would be so disappointed.'
His parents loved him, the boy knew that much, but it's been their dream for
their son to follow in their footsteps. The boy knew they would tell him that
it didn't matter if he turned out to be a squib, he knew better. They would be
crushed. As you can see, the letter was very important, that's why he was
worrying himself sick over it.

The stood and
began to pace around. 'This is stupid!' The boy stopped pacing and
plopped down on his bed. 'I'm going to give myself a heart attack if I keep
this up!' He got onto his feet again and walked to the window and opened it
up, just in time for a large owl, who would have otherwise flown straight into
the window, to swoop in and almost knock the boy over.

"What the…"
spoke a voice from the doorway. It was the boys' father. "James! You got an
owl!"

"Yeah, I
noticed." Said James who was slightly shocked at almost being pummeled by the
out of control owl. He walked over to the owl and grabbed the letter from it.

"Well, what
does it say?" his father said anxiously. James looked at his father, smiled and
said.

"I don't know
I haven't opened it yet." James ripped the letter open, read it and the smile
faded from his face.

"Well?" his
father asked carefully.

"I-I-I…I'm…"
James looked up and his smile reappeared, "going to Hogwarts!"

"Really?!"

"Yeah!"

"I knew you
would, son!" He grabbed his son in a big bear hug and when he let go they danced
around the room for a minute until James' mother interrupted them.

"Is this some
kind of male ritual dance or something?" she asked. James' father took her into
his arms and spun her around.

"James made it
into Hogwarts!" his father told her, "He's going to Hogwarts!"

 

*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*

 

Elsewhere… a
young girl, no older than eleven, sat on the floor with her older sister,
watching T.V.. She lived in a small flat just outside of London with her
parents and sister, Petunia. Their lives were pretty boring, at least in the
girls' opinion. Nothing interesting seemed to happen to them, in fact, their
lives were kind of predictable. She could tell that the rest of her family,
especially her sister, liked it like that. She supposed that it made them feel
secure and she could understand that, but didn't they ever like being
surprised? The girl liked the rush that unpredictability gave her, it was kind
of like being on a roller coaster.

She wasn't
even watching the T.V. anymore, she was too lost in her thoughts. That's when
she heard Petunia scream.

"LILY! THERE'S
AN OWL IN THE HOUSE! I THINK IT'S GOING TO ATTACK ME! HELP! MUM! DADDY!" She
was just sitting there with a look of horror on her face. Lily looked at her
confused for a moment, and then followed her gaze and sure enough there was an
owl perched on top of the television set. Their mother walked into the room and
began to scold her daughter for making such a racket.

"Petunia! What
are you screaming about?! You're going to…" Her voice died in her throat when
she saw what her daughter went into such a fit about. "How did it get in here!"
she demanded.

"It flew in
through the window!" Petunia pointed towards the window in question.

"Well…"

"Mum!" Lily
interrupted, "Look! It's carrying a letter!"

"Oh don't be
ridiculous, Lily, owls don't…"

"But Mum,"
Petunia protested, "It does have a letter! Look!" 

"Honestly!
Where would an owl get a…" But she was again silenced when she saw that the owl
was indeed carrying a letter. Lily stood up and moved to get the letter and
Petunia followed. "Lily stay back! It could have rabies or something!" Lily
could tell that her mother was upset, so she complied. She turned to Petunia
and whispered to her.

"Do owls get
rabies?"

"I don't think
so," Petunia responded in a whisper, "but Mum's a little crazed right now, so
don't argue." Lily nodded. They watched their mother carefully as she began to
pace back and forth through the room. Lily was getting tired of this, she was
going to see that letter!

"I don't think
it's going to hurt us, Mum. I could probably just…"

"Lily, what if
you make it mad? Hmm? Then what would you do? And what if that is a private
letter? What about the person who it's supposed to go to?"

"What if it's
for us?" Lily reasoned.

"Who, exactly,
would send us mail by owl?"

"Who would
send anyone mail through an owl?" Petunia stated. Their mother stopped pacing
and looked at the owl for a moment. Lily could tell that this had sparked her
mothers' curiosity. She was starting to give in.

"Okay. I'll
get the letter. You girls stay back!" She walked slowly toward the owl. 'Great!'
Lily thought sarcastically. 'At the rate she's going, we'll never find out!'
Her mother did finally make it to where the owl still sat, looking at the whole
family as if they were nutters. Her mother reached, painstakingly, out to grab
the letter. She pulled the letter away quickly and backed away. She breathed a
sigh of relief when the owl finally flew away. She looked at the letter and her
brow furrowed as she saw the address. "Lily," she said slowly, "It's for you."
She handed her daughter the envelope.

"But…but…how…who?"
Lily sputtered, but she couldn't get an actual sentence out. She gave up and
tore the letter open and read it.

"Who's it
from?" Petunia asked in a small voice.

"It's from a
school. It says Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry."

 

*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*

 

Meanwhile… a
tall girl of about 10 or 11 years of age ran out of her house and collapsed on
a bench in her 'backyard'. She lived in tiny little cabin, placed, rather
inconveniently, in the middle of a forest. It was built in a small clearing and
her so-called 'backyard' was just a little piece of that land that had been
left over after the cabin was built.

Her parents
had died a couple years back and so she had to live with her grandmother. Her
grandmother liked the privacy that the cabin offered, but this girl hated it.
She missed civilization. She missed being able to go where she wanted, when she
wanted to go. Now when she needed to go somewhere, she had to be apparated
outside of the woods so that she could walk to her destination without getting
lost.

That was only
one of the problem she had with living here. Another was her grandmothers'
attitude. She was constantly running away into the woods just to get away from
her grandmothers' nagging. She was always telling her granddaughter that if she
wanted to get into Hogwarts, she had to start practicing and studying now or
she would never get in. The girl had been lectured so much about it that she
half hoped she wouldn't get into Hogwarts so her grandmother might shut up
about it for a while. She knew that wasn't really what she wanted, in fact,
quite the opposite was true. At least at Hogwarts she wouldn't be so isolated
and she would learn about magic. That was really important to her. She just
needed magic to be fun, her grandmother seemed to want anything but fun for
her. That was why she was out here now. She had had a fight with her
grandmother and she needed to get away for a while.

"Cassandra
Lynn Miller! Just what do you think you're doing out here? It's getting dark
and it isn't safe to be out in these woods at night, you should know that by
now!"

"I know Gram.
I just needed to think for a bit." Cassandra said as she stared up at the sky.
Her grandmother sighed heavily and sat down next to her. Her grandmother seemed
to be ready to give her yet another lecture but when she looked at her
granddaughters face she changed her mind.

"Child, I know
I'm hard on you sometimes. All I want is for you to do your best and get as far
as you can in life. I don't want you to waste your talents."

"I know."
Cassandra said. She knew exactly what her grandmother meant. She was talking
about her rare talent. She was talking about the fact that Cassandra was a real
Seer. She wasn't really a full-blown Seer. She couldn't call upon a vision just
by looking in a crystal ball or at tealeaves or anything like that. In fact,
her visions were few and far between. They only happened when something
seriously bad was going to happen. Her grandmother wanted her to learn more
about Divination, but Cassandra just didn't want to. She didn't like her
visions, they usually scared her half to death, why would she want to See more?

"Cassandra,"
her grandmothers' voice called her back into reality, "we'd better go back in
now."

"Okay." She
stood and helped her grandmother to her feet and they walked into the cabin
together.

When they
stepped inside, they were greeted by a tiny owl, small enough to fit into a
person's palm sitting on the kitchen table with a letter attached. Cassandra
smiled and looked at her grandmother.

"Do you think
that could be my Hogwarts letter?!"

"I don't know
you have to look first, then you can decide." Her grandmother grinned.
Cassandra sprinted to where to owl sat and stroked it's head as she pulled the
letter off. She ripped it open and stared for a moment.

"I'm going
Hogwarts!" she cried. "I'm going to Hogwarts! I'm going Hogwarts!" she repeated
that for the rest of the night and she could barely fall asleep because it had
given her a boost of energy. She was so happy! She was finally going to
Hogwarts!"

 

*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*

 

In another
part of the world… a petite, but intimidating, young girl sat in a hotel lobby,
just staring off into space. She was traveling with her parents, as usual.
Their actual house is in London, but they were hardly ever there. Her parents
often went on business trips all around the world and unless she was in
boarding school at the time they went, they dragged her along too. 

Actually, they
were her adoptive parents. Her real mother died shortly after giving birth to
her and her father left her in an orphanage when he decided he couldn't take
care of her anymore and she never heard from him again. She often wondered what
her life would be like if her mother had survived and her father had stuck
around. Would she be happier? She loved her adoptive parents, but she couldn't
help wonder if she would have had a better life.

She didn't
have anyone to talk to about these thoughts. She obviously couldn't tell her
parents and she had no other family. She didn't have any close friends to talk
to. When she traveled she didn't have enough time for friends and when she was
in boarding school she kept her friends at a distance. They never felt like
real friends to her, just people she hung out with so she wouldn't be alone all
year. She kept her feelings a secret from everyone, for a lack of people she
could tell her feelings to.

But there was
another bit of information she hid from people. She had found out years ago
that her mother had been a witch. She wasn't supposed to know this, but the
girl always found a way to charm this kind of information out of people, a
trait she learned from her adoptive mother. Her adoptive parents didn't know
that she knew about her mother or magic at all really . They also didn't know
that she knew that they weren't Muggles. They really didn't give her enough
credit. She was raised as a Muggle, but her adoptive parents were forgetful and
sometimes they left a copy of The Daily Prophet or a wand or a wizard photo
lying around and the girl would find it and soon enough she put two and two
together. She did a little investigating (she had found a girl from a family of
witches and wizards at her old boarding school in France and asked the girl to
tell her all about magic) and she now knew all about the schools that taught
magic and about spells and magical creature and all of that. Now that she knew
about all of this, she was desperately hoping she would turn out to be a witch.
There was definitely a chance. After all her mother was a witch, so why
shouldn't she be? Then again she knew her real father was a Muggle. 

'Now I know
why Muggles aren't told about magic,' the girl thought sullenly, 'if they knew
they would all want to learn how to use it, but they wouldn't be able to.
Wanting something you can't have is really pitiful.' It was like someone
was dangling a carrot just out of reach in front of a starved horse. It just
wasn't fair!

"Pardon me
miss," the girl looked up and standing front of her was an elderly woman,
dressed in a formal dress and fur coat. She had about a million diamonds
sparkling everywhere and a wig that could never pass for actual hair. "Do you
know where I could find a bathroom?"

"Yes, I
believe there's one down that…"

"AAAAAAAHHHHHHH!"
the old woman shrieked as an owl swooped down above the woman's head. It was
flying towards the girl, but it got caught in the woman's wig and pulled off it
her head, causing the woman to scream again. The owl landed on the arm of the
chair that the girl was sitting in. The girl spotted a letter, addressed to her
no less, that the owl was carrying and quickly took it and stuffed it in her
pocket before anyone noticed that it was there. She rose to her feet and looked
up to see a short, bald man in a suit come storming towards where the girl, the
old woman, and now one of the bellboys were standing. When he got to the wig
woman he stopped and grabbed her shoulder and held it for a second
reassuringly, then he dropped, obviously hoping no one had seen, but the girl
had caught that.

"Are you okay
Ell-Mrs. Peterson?" he asked softly, looking into her eyes.

"Yes, I think
so." She replied, not dropping his gaze. They stood there like that for a while
before the girl cleared her throat, bringing them out of their trance. Then the
bald man turned to the bellboy

"How did this creature
get in here!" the bald man demanded. The bellboy began to stutter in fear.

"W-w-wel-well,
s-si-sir, I-I opened the d-d-door and i-i-it just f-f-fle-flew in!"

"Well, get it
out of here!" he ordered.

"Yes, sir."
Said the bellboy who seemed to have gained a little composure. He walked towards
the owl slowly reaching his hands to grab it, but it took flight and the
bellboy chased after it. The bald man turned back the girl and the woman (who
was desperately trying to put her wig back on the right way, but failing
miserably).

"Do you know
where that owl came from?!" The man asked, accusingly. It seemed to be directed
at the girl.

"I reckon it
came from outside, sir." She answered innocently.

"That is not
what I meant!"

"Then. Be.
More. Specific." She pronounced every word carefully.

"Very well then!
You know that pets aren't allowed in this hotel and…" she cut him off.

"Pets? You
think that owl was my pet? Who would keep an owl as a pet?"

"Obviously
you! It was heading straight for you!"

"Actually, it
seemed like it was heading towards this woman." The girl pointed to the woman
in fur.

"Well! I
never!" the woman protested. The manager jumped to her defence.

"Young lady, I
have known Mrs. Peterson for years and I know for a fact that…" 'Geez this
guy is irritating! Must be the manager. Aaawww! Isn't that just ssssooooo
cute!'  She thought sarcastically. 'He's sticking up for her. Who
do they think they're kidding? They're obviously a little friendlier
than he says.' The girl stopped for a moment. 'But he said 'Mrs.
Peterson'. She's married! Oh wow! What would happen if someone found out? I
could just hear what people would say 'Hotel Manger by Day, Gigelow for Elderly
Married Women by Night' The girl smiled to herself. "Do you find this
funny?" The man demanded, bringing her out of her thoughts.

"No, sir." She
smiled at him with false innocence. "Maybe her husband owns an owl and sent it
to find her." The manager looked taken aback. "Maybe we should call him up and
find out." She watched as they both paled and then she turned to the woman.
"Unless…he doesn't know you're here." They're eyes nearly popped out of their
heads at this tiny girls audacity.

"Is there a
Ms. Angela Pierce here?" asked a young man who had come up from behind the
manager, causing him to jump a little.

"That would be
me." The girl replied sweetly. He smiled at her.

"Your parents
want you to come to your room, immediately."

"Okay, thank
you." She turned to the manager and the woman. "I'd better get going. I'm sure
you to can settle this on your own." She turned and walked away trying
desperately not to laugh. People thought that because she was only 11 years
old, she didn't know what went on in the world, but she did and she wouldn't
hesitate to call people on their bullshit. 

Remembering
the letter in her pocket, she stopped just outside the door to her hotel room.
She pulled it out and it stared at it for a moment. 'Well, it's addressed to
me. Could be it be…? Oh please let it be!' She ripped it open and quickly
read it.

"YES!" She
threw her hands up in the air and began to dance around the hallway. 'I'm
going to Hogwarts! I'm gonna be a witch!' She chanted in her head. Her
hotel room door and an older man stuck his head out to see what the commotion
was all about.

"Angela!
What's this all about?" She handed him the letter and continued to dance
around. He read the letter and his jaw nearly dropped to the floor in shock.
Angela jumped in front of him and held her hands high in the air.

"I'm a witch!"
she exclaimed.

 

*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*

 

A/N: I know this chapter was long but thank you for bearing with me. Anyway,
*yawns* I'm tired, I'm going to take a nap. See ya next time!

AF

Ebony Ice

 











--------












YaY! The second chapter has
arrived! I hope you like, I had fun writing it. Still kind of setting things
up, but we're getting there! I'd also like to say thank you to Tasty_Lemon
for reviewing the last chapter. Much appreciated. BTW, when writing is bold
it means that some one is thinking.

 

Disclaimer: Come on, you know
what's mine and what's not

 

The
Whole Story by Ebony_Ice 

CHAPTER
2- King's Cross Station 

 

Sirius stood
in front of the barrier between platform nine and platform ten. There must
be some mistake, he thought, perplexed. My ticket says to take the train
from platform nine and three-quarters. He looked around. But there is no
platform! I knew this was a trick! There are no wizards! No Hogwarts!
Sirius paused for a moment. But there has to be! I'll find someway there, I
don't care how!

"Excuse me."
Sirius turned his head and saw a gangly sort of boy staring at him. "You're
kind of in my way," the boy said timidly.

"In your way?
But there's nothing here," Sirius responded, pointing back at the barrier. The
boy observed Sirius for a moment and then spoke again.

"Do you know
about the other platform?"

"Do you mean…"
Sirius stopped and looked around then leaned in and whispered to the other boy,
"do you mean platform nine and three quarters?" The other boy nodded. "I-I
don't know how to get on it," Sirius admitted.

"Oooohh. Are
you from a Muggle family?" The other boy asked with a bit more confidence. 

"A Muggle
family?" Sirius asked curiously.

"Never mind.
To get on to the platform, all you have to do is walk towards the barrier
between platforms nine and ten."

"I have to
walk into the barrier!" Sirius exclaimed incredulously. "But I'll…"

"You won't hit
it, it's magic; it'll take you right to the platform. You might want to run at
it though; it'll be easier," Sirius looked at the barrier then looked back at
the boy.

"Are you
sure?"

"Yes," the boy
said firmly. "I'm Remus Lupin, by the way." Remus stuck his hand out to the
other boy. Sirius absentmindedly took it and shook it.

"Sirius
Black." He looked back at the barrier. "Here goes nothing." He backed up
a bit and then started to run towards the barrier. He closed his eyes and
waited for the crash into the barrier, but to his surprise, he never hit it. In
fact, he went right through! When he opened his eyes he saw a huge scarlet
steam engine and a sign overhead that said "Hogwarts Express". Wow! This
is…this is amazing!

"I told you."
Sirius whipped around and saw the Remus boy smiling at him. Sirius smiled back.

"Thanks."

"You're
welcome." Remus paused hesitantly, the smile fading from his face. "If you want
to, you can sit with me on the train."

"Sure!"

"Great!" Remus
beamed. "Why don't we..." Remus was interrupted by a new voice

"Sirius?"
Sirius spun around and felt his jaw drop.

"Bianca?" She
grinned and nodded. "What are you doing here?"

"I go to
Hogwarts!"

"Really?!"

"Yes!" She
swiftly grabbed him in a hug, but he pulled away.

"Why didn't
you tell me?" He asked, slightly wounded.

"Because I
thought you were a Muggle! I wasn't supposed to tell you."

"When did that
ever stop you? And what is a Muggle?"

"A Muggle is a
non-magical person." Bianca looked over Sirius' shoulder and saw the other boy
standing there awkwardly. "Who's that?" Sirius spun around.

"That's Remus
Lupin, he showed me how to get on the platform. Remus, this is my cousin,
Bianca Black."

"Hi." Remus
said quietly. Bianca smiled at him.

"Hello." They
stood there for a moment, not knowing what to say. Sirius was the first to
break the silence.

"Remus, why
don't you go get us a compartment. I'll come find you in a minute.

"Okay." 
Remus then rolled his trunk towards the train.

"I had better
get going, my friends are waiting." Bianca said once Remus had gone and began
to walk away. "I'll see you later."

"Bye." Sirius
watched her walk away. This is turning out to be great! Sirius thought. I
made it through the barrier alive, I'll see my cousin all the time, and I've
already made a new friend! This is… That's where Sirius stopped all
rational thought, because at that moment, he swore he saw an angel. Wow!
Who's that? Sirius wondered. Only fifty feet in front of him was the most
beautiful girl Sirius had ever seen. The girl had long, blonde hair and big,
sparkling hazel eyes. She was talking excitedly with two adults, probably her
parents. She's…amazing! Sirius didn't know how long he had been standing
there. He would have been happy to stay there forever as long as she never
moved, but fate wasn't going to let that happen. He was in his own world and
didn't notice anything that was going on around him. If he had been more alert,
he might have seen the out of control cart heading straight for him before it
was too late, but he didn't.

 

*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*

 

Fantastic! Angela thought
sarcastically as she searched the platform. 'I must have broken some kind of
record! I lost my parents in less than five minutes! Unbelievable! She had
left her parents to get a cart for her trunk and when she came back, they were
gone and they had taken her trunk with them so she couldn't even board the
train.

"Angela! There
you are! We've been looking all over for you!" Angela recognized the voice as
her father's. She spun around ready to scold them.

"You
were looking all over for me? Don't you think you have that a little
backwards?" Angela stood with her hands on her hips, trying to look
intimidating. Her father put her trunk onto the cart, while her mother began to
put her in her place.

"Angie, honey,
stop the angry parent act. We're the parents here and just so you know we have
been looking for you." Angela let out an angry sigh.

"You know I'm
tired of being overthrown just because I'm younger. That's not fair! And don't
call me Angie, I hate that!"

"Angela,
life's not fair. You should enjoy your youth now, you'll miss it someday." Her
mother replied.

"Maybe people
who think like that make the world unfair." Angela reasoned. "And I'm tired of
people telling me that when I get older 'I'll miss my youth'. If I don't like
being young now and I'm not going to like being older later, when will I be
happy with my age? Answer me that!" Her mother was about to reply but her
father interrupted.

"I'm sure
you'd both love for this argument to continue all day, but you have a train to
board and we," he turned to his wife, "have a plane to catch."

"Fine. You
should go. I can get on the train by myself." 

Angela felt a
familiar wave of sadness wash over her. She felt it every time she had to leave
her parents for a long period of time. Which was often. It made her want to
cry. Stop it! Angela told herself. You're going to see them soon
enough! It's not like you've never left them before! She thought for a
moment. That doesn't make it much better though. Another part of her
thought sadly.

"Are you sure?
We can stay until your train leaves," her mother offered. She seemed to have
softened a little now that she realized this was goodbye, maybe for the whole
year.

"That's okay.
I don't want you to miss your plane." Angela stepped towards her parents and
gave her mother a hug.

"I'll miss
you," her mother said when Angela pulled away.

"So will I,"
said her father as he pulled his daughter into a hug. When he released her she
took a step back.

"I'll miss you
guys too. Goodbye." Angela smiled at her parents.

"Goodbye. And
don't forget to write to us. We want to hear how you're doing," her mother
said, and Angela could see the tears in her eyes.

"Don't get
into too much trouble," her father told her. She nodded. "Bye
sweetheart." He kissed her forehead.

"Bye." Angela
smiled at them as they walked away. 

She decided to
look around for a moment, she had never seen an entire crowd of witches and
wizards before. It kind of excited her. 
She was getting ready to board the train when something caught her eye.
There was a boy, standing in the middle of the platform, staring off into space
and drooling. It was as if he were in a trance. What is he staring at?
Angela wondered. She followed his line of sight and saw that what he was ogling
at, was a girl. She rolled her eyes. Oh brother. She looked back at the
boy. Does he realize how ridiculous he looks? She looked back at the
girl. For heaven sakes, she's not even that pretty! Boys are stupid. Angela
thought for a minute and then grinned evilly. What kind of person would I be
if I let him stand there like that all day? She wondered as her grin
widened. If I give him a little scare, that ought to wake him up a bit. I'll
just roll my cart over there and almost hit him, that ought to do the
trick. I'll just pretend like it was an accident and he'll never know
different. She looked around to make sure no one was watching, then she
began to roll her cart toward the boy, quickly gaining speed. Angela was just
about to stop it when she hit something on the ground and lost control of the
cart. She let go of the cart and watched as it barreled straight toward the boy
in question. She winced as it crashed into the boy, knocking him off his feet. That
had to hurt! She ran to help the boy, who was now lying flat on his
back.

"I am so
sorry! I-I-I didn't mean to…the cart just got away from me and…" She paused and
helped him to his feet. He winced and held his arm. "Are you okay?" Oh my
God! I can't believe I did that!

"Well, for
being bowled over by a runaway cart, I'd say I'm okay."

"I'm sorry."
She said with guilt evident on her face. The boy sensed that she was really
sorry and smiled at her reassuringly.

"It's okay. It
wasn't your fault. I'm Sirius Black by the way."

"I'm so sorry.
I…" Sirius grinned mischievously.

"Hello Ms.
Sorry."

"What? Oh…I'm
not Sorry, I mean I am sorry, but I'm not Sorry."

"Either you
are or aren't."

"I'm not,
but…" Sirius gave her a mock offended look. "I mean I am, but…" Sirius
sniggered.

"It's okay, I
understand. Let's try this again. Hi, my name is Sirius Black and you are…"

"Angela
Pierce."

"See how easy
that was. No need to panic." Angela smiled gratefully at him. They stood there
for a minute until Angela broke the silence.

"Are you sure
you're okay." Sirius laughed.

"Yes, I'm
sure. We had better get on the train, it won't wait forever." Together they
rolled their trunks toward the train.

 

*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*

 

Remus pulled
his trunk into an empty compartment and sat down. He couldn't help feeling like
he was on cloud nine. He had been half expecting no one to like him, but so far
he had a potential friend, and he wouldn't be alone during the trip to
Hogwarts. So far, things were going great.

Remus leaned
against the window and watched the people pass by. He was pulled out of his
reverie when he saw that boy, Sirius, the one he was supposed to sit with. He
was staring at something far away. What was it? Remus looked around and saw
what Sirius had been staring at. It was just a girl. He wondered who she was
and why was Sirius so hypnotized by her? Remus looked back at Sirius, but he
wasn't staring at the mystery girl anymore. He was now lying flat on the
ground. It looked like he had been run over by a cart. A frantic girl, probably
the owner of the runaway cart, ran to help him up.

"Excuse me,"
Remus turned his head and saw a boy with messy black hair standing in the
compartment doorway. "May I sit with you? The most of the other compartments
are completely filled or have evil Slytherins in them. Er…you're not a
Slytherin, are you?"

"I hope not,
but I haven't been sorted yet," Remus replied.

"Oh. Neither
have I. James Potter." James extended his hand and Remus took it.

"Remus Lupin."

"Hi. So can I
sit here?"

"Yeah, sure."

"Thanks."
James pulled his trunk in and sat down across from Remus. "So…"

"Hello." 
Sirius walked in with the same girl who had run him over with the cart.

"Hi," Remus
said. "Sirius, this is James Potter. James this is Sirius Black and…"

"An…" Angela
began, but Sirius interrupted.

"This is Ms.
Sorry." James raised an eyebrow at the girl, who had just smacked Sirius upside
the head, apparently over the fear of harming Sirius. "Hehe…ow." Sirius rubbed
his head. Angela turned back to James and Remus

"Hi, I'm
Angela Pierce."

"Hi Angela."
Remus greeted her politely.

"Hello Angel,"
James said teasingly. She looked at him for a moment and then spoke.

"Trust me, I'm
no angel." Once again he raised an eyebrow at her. She turned to Remus. "What's
your name?"

"Remus Lupin."

"Remus, can we
sit with you and James?" She asked.

"Sure." He
smiled and gestured for her to sit down.

"Thank you."
She sat next to Remus and Sirius took the seat across from her, next to James.
After awhile the train began to move and they were finally on their way! They
talked, rather animatedly, about Hogwarts, mostly informing Sirius all about
the houses, the classes and Quidditch. It was an…interesting trip.

 

*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*

 

"And for
heaven sakes, keep out of trouble! Are you listening to me Cassandra?"

"Yes, Gram."
Cassandra had been standing beside the Hogwarts Express for ten minutes now,
being lectured on what to do and what not to do when she got to Hogwarts. It
was getting really tiresome.

"Don't give me
that tone of voice, young lady. I don't want to get even one letter telling me
that you were misbehaving." Yeah? And I want to leave, but it doesn't look
like that's going to happen anytime soon either. Cassandra thought, but
said otherwise.

"Okay Gram,
I'll try to stay out of trouble."

"You had
better do more than try, Cassandra," her grandmother warned.

"Gram, I would
love to stay and chat, but I do have a train to catch." 

Her
grandmother sighed and wiped a stray hair out of Cassandra's face.

"Child, ever
since you came into this world, all I wanted is what's best for you. I don't
mean to upset you." 

Cassandra
smiled. "I know, but I'm not a baby anymore. I can, to an extent, take care of
myself."

"Okay, I know
that, really I do. It's just hard to believe it sometimes." She paused. "You
had better get onto the train before it leaves without you." 

She kissed her
granddaughter on the forehead. "Thanks, Gram. I'll see you soon."

"Have a good
term. I'll miss you." 

They hugged
briefly and then Cassandra walked away. She would definitely miss her
grandmother, no question about that, but she was also relieved to get away. Her
grandmother wanted her to be something that she could never be, something she
didn't even want to be. Perfect. She would never get top marks in all her
classes. She would never be Head Girl or even a prefect. She would NEVER be
able to keep out of trouble, not that she went looking for it, it just liked to
follow her everywhere she went. She would always have her flaws and she was
okay with that. Her grandmother, on the other hand, wouldn't stop pestering her
until she was Minster of Magic or Headmistress of Hogwarts or some other high
position. Cassandra understood that her grandmother wanted her to do well in
life and she appreciated that, but she had no desire to have an important
position like that; there was too much pressure and she usually folded under
pressure. 

Cassandra
stopped walking when she found a seemingly empty compartment and pulled her
trunk into it. Once she and her trunk were safely inside she sat down and
relaxed.

"Hello." 

Cassandra
jumped a little and looked around. She saw a small, timid-looking boy sitting
across from her.

"Oh. Hi. Sorry
I barged in like that, I didn't realize anyone was here. Do you mind if I stay
here?" Cassandra asked quickly.

"It's alright.
You can stay." She smiled at the small boy. "I'm Peter Pettigrew." He stuck out
his hand and she graciously accepted it.

"Cassandra
Miller. Are you a first year too?" Peter nodded. "I hope…" Cassandra's voice
died in her throat when she glanced out her window. She did a double take and
couldn't believe what she saw. "Would you look at that…"

"What?" Peter
asked curiously. Cassandra pointed out the window.

"A girl,
around our age, just rammed right into a boy with her cart. She did it on
purpose too, I saw it."

"I don't think
she meant…" Peter started, but Cassandra held up a hand.

"I saw her.
She was running straight for him." Cassandra and Peter watched as the girl
helped the boy onto the train, a few compartments behind them. 

After that,
they talked about which houses they wanted to be in (they both agreed that they
did not want to be placed in Slytherin) until a small, redheaded girl
walked into their compartment, asking if she could stay.

"Sure," said
Cassandra, "there's plenty of room, as you can see." She gestured to the empty
seats.

"Thank you,"
the girl said politely and sat down next to Cassandra. "My name's Lily Evans."

"Peter
Pettigrew."

"Cassandra
Miller." 

They smiled at
each other and then Lily spoke.

"Did you see
that guy who got squashed by a runaway cart?"

"Yeah, but
that's not exactly what happened. You see…" Peter rambled on about a mad cart
driver and human road kill. He might have embellished slightly, but it
definitely made for an interesting story, in Cassandra's opinion anyway. This
boy seemed to have a flair for the dramatic.

These two
seem pretty safe. If I stick with them, maybe Gram won't have to get any of
those letters after all. Maybe trouble won't be able to find me this year. She thought hopefully.

Little did she
know trouble was lurking just a few compartments behind her in the form of a
mad cart driver, the human road kill, and their two new friends.

 

To be
continued…

 

*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*

 

A/N: So…what did you think? I know some people might think
that Sirius is too young to be drooling over girls (as do I) but I'm the writer
here and I'll will do with him as I please *grins evilly* Not like that you
sicko!

 

AF

Ebony
Ice

 

 











--------












Woohoo! 3rd chapter! Are
you ready?! I'm not even sure if chapter 2 posted right, it didn't show up so I
don't know. Oh well, we'll find out.

 

Oh, and another thing, I wasn't sure
if wizards and witches wear regular clothes under their robes or not. I thought
that they probably didn't because they didn't know how to dress in Muggle
clothing (during the Quidditch World Cup), but then I could have sworn they did
in the movie. Anyway, for this particular story we're going to say that they
don't wear Muggle clothes. Don't ask. Read on, you'll see what I'm talking
about.

 

Disclaimer: I trust that you're all
smart enough to know what's mine and what's not.

 

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice

CHAPTER 3 – Dog-Boy and Angel
Cake

 

 

 

"Perhaps we shouldn't have given him the chocolate
frogs." Angela suggested as she watched Sirius Black bounce in his seat. James and
Remus had spent most of the train riding acquainting Sirius with the finer
points of being a wizard. Needless to say Sirius got a little overexcited. 

"I've never seen a person bounce like that.
It's…hypnotic." James said, as his head bounced up and down with Sirius, like a
dog watching a ball bounce. Remus simply nodded as he too watched Sirius
mesmerized. Sirius seemed not to hear a word of what was said.

Finally, James must have just got tired of watching
the amazing bouncing boy because he suddenly pounced on Sirius, holding his
shoulders down to stop him from further movement. This however deterred Sirius
for only mere seconds and he slowly began bouncing once more, starting with his
legs and moving gradually up his body. Soon James too began shaking as if
Sirius' energy was being transferred to his body. Remus saw their dilemma and
tried to help by attempting to grab Sirius' legs. If only he could catch them.
Angela stared at them for a moment and then burst out laughing.

"Little help?" asked Remus, who
was now somehow sprawled across Sirius' lap.

"No…you're…doing…doing fine."
She said between giggles. James stood up in his seat and attempted to push down
on Sirius' shoulders with all his weight. This unfortunately made Sirius yelp
in pain and throw James and Remus of him and onto the floor, but Remus was
still holding his legs so Sirius too was pulled roughly too the floor. This
sight seemed just too much for Angela, she was laughing so hard that there were
tears rolling down her eyes. Sirius seemed to notice his surrounding for the
first time and said to Angela,

"Think that's funny do you,
Angel Cake?"

"Angel Cake?" Angela asked and
burst out laughing once more.

"That's it young lady, you're
going to get it!" Sirius exclaimed in mock anger. Angela snorted as Sirius came
at her dragging her to the floor with them and tickling her.

"Shall we?" James asked Remus.

"Yes, I think so." Remus replied
with a grin and they joined Sirius.

"Noooo!" she howled. "Stop! No
fair!"

"What in heavens name is going
on in here?!" Everyone stopped and slowly looked toward the door.

"Hello Bianca." Sirius suddenly
stood up. "What's going on?"

"I was wondering that myself."
Bianca said looking over her cousin's shoulder to see Angela, James and Remus
trying to untangle themselves. "But I can see this is a private thing, so I
guess I'll be on my way."

"NO! I mean no, it's not a
private thing. Honest." Sirius said innocently.

"Whatever it is I don't want to
know." Sirius shrugged. Angela was behind his back mouthing 'help me!' Bianca
smiled wryly. "Now I know you haven't been giving these good people an trouble,
have you Dog-Boy?" Sirius paled.

"Dog-Boy?" Angela asked
interestedly.

"Yeah, you know…Sirius…the dog
star. Dog-Boy." Bianca said matter-of-factly. Angela, James and Remus
snickered. 

"Um, shouldn't you be on your way now Bianca. You
interrupted a private moment, remember?" Sirius said anxiously.

"Not that private. Why don't you join us?" James
suggested.

"I'd love to really, but I have things to do,
places to go people to see. You know, that whole bit." Sirius let out a sigh of
relief. "I just came to tell you Sirius, " she pronounced his name
pointedly, "that we're nearing Hogwarts and you might want to put you robes
on." 

"Oh…ok. Thanks for stopping by." Sirius said trying
to get rid of her before she said anything too damaging about him. He shuddered
to think of all the blackmail material his cousin had on him.

"Sirius! Don't be rude." Angela grinned. She had a feeling
she would get along well with this Bianca person. She turned to Bianca. "I'm
Angela Pierce, by the way."

"Bianca Black, Sirius' cousin."

"I'm so sorry." Angela said jokingly.

"Hey!" Sirius protested, but no one paid attention.

"He's not that bad really." Smiling sweetly at her
cousin. "He's just a little moody." Sirius pouted. Bianca turned to James. "Now
I know Angela and Remus and of course Sirius, but I don't believe we've met."
James held out his hand.

"James Potter." Bianca took his hand and shook it.

"Hi." Sirius gave her another dirty look. She
rolled her eyes. "Don't get your knickers in a twist, cuz. I have to be going
anyway. Nice meeting you all." She turned and walked out the door.

"I like her." Said Angela.

"Me too." James agreed. Sirius rolled his eyes. For
once he was actually happy to see his cousin leave.

"Well," Remus said, clapping his hands together, "I
suppose we should get dressed then." The boys looked suddenly at Angela, but
she didn't make a move.

"Ummm…we can't exactly change with you in here
Angela." James said blushing.

"Very observant James." Angela said sweetly. "I
suppose you boys will just have to change in the hall." James and Sirius stared
at her in amazement. Remus smiled a little.

"You can't be serious!" James protested.

"Again James, very observant. I'm not Sirius.
Dog-boy over there is." She pointed to Sirius with her thumb.

"Like I've never heard that one before." Sirius
scoffed.

"Yes, but it sounds so much better coming from me."
Sirius got ready to retort but James spoke first.

"That's not the point…"

"There's a point to this conversation? Bloody hell!
I missed that entirely." Angela interrupted. Remus and Sirius snorted.

"The point is" James said losing his patience,
"that there are three of us and only one of you."

"I'm one of a kind. It's not my fault you're not."
Angela said innocently. James deflated a bit.

"That's not what a meant…"

"Well you should be more specific then."

"I'm trying!" James shouted. He took a deep breath.
"Now look, since you are the only girl, I think it's only fair that you be the
one to leave."

"But why?" Angela said in mock confusion.

"Because there are three of us…" Angela cut him
off.

"Yes, I got that part James, but you seem to have
overlooked one thing."

"And that would be?" James crossed his arms over
his chest. 

"That I am a lady and therefore you should treat me
as such." Sirius snorted.

"Lady?" Sirius looked around. "I see no lady. Just
a stubborn little girl."

"You really think you're funny, don't you Dog-Boy?"
Sirius stepped closer to her.

"Think? I don't think. I know." Angela sighed
sadly.

"How awful! To think there are really people out
there that are as delusional as you." She tsked. "Oh! But you did get one part
correct…you don't think." She smiled.

"I'm delusional, huh?" Angela nodded. "Well, at
least I don't go crashing into innocent bystanders!"

"Well maybe if you hadn't been drooling like a
lovesick puppy, you would have seen the cart coming and moved."

"I was not drooling!" Sirius protested. Remus who had
been trying to stay out of the conversation laughed.

"Are you joking! You practically had a puddle at
your feet!" Remus said.

"That's not true!" Sirius growled. Angela looked at
him thoughtfully for a moment.

"You know, the name Dog-Boy does fit you rather
well. I mean…you drool, you growl. I wonder…do you chase cars as well?" Sirius
turned red. Whether it was from anger or embarrassment is hard to say.

"I…you…just…argh!" he stuttered and stormed out of
the compartment.

"Temper, temper." Angela shook her head
disapprovingly. "That boy cannot take a joke."

"Maybe someone should go after him. He's more than
a little upset. He may do something…"

"Idiotic is the word I think you're searching for."
Angela cut him off.

"What do you know?! You're just a stupid girl!"
James shouted angrily and he too stomped out of the compartment.

"Uuummm," Remus said, "I think I should go after
them." Angela nodded her head and Remus left the compartment. Angela smiled to
herself. So James, stupid girl am I? Well this stupid girl just cleared the
compartment so she could change without an audience.

 

 

*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*

 

 

"That is so weird Lily! Your family must be so
exciting!" Cassandra said.

"Not really. They're actually somewhat boring."

"It must run in the family." A drawling voice said.
Lily, Cassandra and Peter turned to see four mean looking boys standing in the
doorway.

"Who are you?" Lily asked.

"Who am I? I am Lucius Malfoy." The boy said
proudly.

"Okay…" Lily said, unsure of what to think.

"I assume you have heard of my family, correct?"

"Sorry, I can't say that I have." Lucius' eyes
narrowed and Lily swallowed nervously.

"She must be a mudblood." Lucius muttered to his
companions who sniggered.

"Excuse me?" Cassandra jumped out of her seat
angrily. Lucius sneered and was about to reply when yet another voice came form
behind him and his lackeys.

"Hey! Who threw a party and forgot to invite me?"
the owner of the voice elbowed his way through the crowd.

"Who are you?" Lucius demanded.

"Sirius Black." He replied as he plopped down into
an empty seat.

"Well Black," Lucius spat, "we were having a
personal conversation, so if you don't mind…"

"Sirius, where did you go?" James said as he pushed
his way into the compartment with Remus not far behind.

"James! Remus! I do believe these fellows were
having a party, yet for some reason we were not invited."

"Really? How odd." Remus looked around. "Doesn't
look like much fun does it?"

"No it doesn't." James agreed. "I think these
gentlemen are spoiling the fun." Lucius got ready to retort, but was once again
interrupted.

"Guys, you can come back to the compartment now.
I'm finished."

"Angela!" Sirius said cheerfully, momentarily
forgetting his anger at her. "We were just having a little get together."
Angela glanced around the room.

"Who invited these buggers?" She asked, staring
disgustedly at one of the boys with particularly greasy hair.

"We were wondering that as well." Sirius said,
standing up suddenly.

"Maybe a little disinvite would be in order." James
suggested.

"Yes, I think so." Remus agreed. Together, Angela,
Sirius James and Remus pushed Lucius and his gang out of the compartment before
they could protest. They closed the door and immediately burst out laughing.

"Ahem," Angela said as soon as she had caught her
breath, "as I was saying, you boys can come back now. I'm all done."

"And just what makes you think we want to come
back?" Sirius asked, suddenly remembering why he left in the first place.

"Yeah!" James added. Angela just rolled her eyes.

"Perhaps it's because all of your things are in the
compartment and you really should change into your robes."

"What about you? You can't come with us you know."
James said. Angela snorted.

"Oh pretty please! I so want to come watch you boys
change!" Angela begged mockingly.

"We know you do Angel Cake." Sirius replied.
Angela's eyes narrowed and she retorted, initiating an all out insult war
between the two.

"Excuse me!" Cassandra said breaking through Sirius
and Angela's banter. "Not to be rude, but who are all you people?"

"Oh…sorry. My name is Angela and this is Remus,
James and Dog-Boy." She said as she pointed to each person. 

"Sirius, my name is Sirius!" he growled.

"If you want me to stop calling you Dog-Boy,
perhaps you shouldn't growl so much. It's just too tempting." Angela turned
back to Lily, Cassandra and Peter. "And you are?"

"I'm Cassandra. This is Lily and Peter." Everyone
said hi and stood in an awkward silence for a moment.

"I'm sorry for barging in like that," Sirius said
breaking the silence, "I heard that kid talking and decided to have a little
fun." Sirius smiled sheepishly.

"Well, we really should be thanking you. We weren't
sure just how to get rid of them anyway. You did us a favor." Lily said
gratefully.

"I don't mean to break up this touching moment, but
we really do have to change." Remus said.

"I have an idea! Peter…that is your name isn't it?"
Peter nodded and Angela continued, "Why don't you go with them back to our compartment
to change. Lily, Cassandra and I will stay here. That will solve the boys vs.
girls, who gets to change in the compartment debate. When you guys finish come
back here. Sound good?" Everyone nodded and Angela smiled, proud of her
cleverness.

This was just the beginning of friendships that
would be put through years of tests and trials.

 

 

*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*

 

 

A/N: So…what do you think? Good? Bad? Odd? Let me
know! Reviews motivate me just remember that! The next chapter may take just a
bit longer to get posted than these first three because I already had these
written, I just had to type and revise them. It shouldn't take too long though.
Until next time…

 

Ebony Ice











--------












A/N: 4th Chapter! What
more can I say? This chapter didn't take as long as I thought because…well…it's
really short. Anyway, read on! Please review!

 

Disclaimer: Some of it's mine some of
it's not. There you go.

 

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice

CHAPTER 4 – A Slytherin!

 

 

Soon after everyone had finished putting on their
robes, the Hogwarts Express arrived at its destination. The new friends
clamored off the train together and were called toward a large, friendly sort
of man holding a lantern.

"That must be Hagrid, the gamekeeper. My mum told
me about him." James whispered.

"He's not…well…dangerous, is he?" Peter asked,
obviously a little frightened by the man who towered many feet over the small
first years.

"No, not at all. Friendly as they come actually.
His size does make him seem a bit threatening though, doesn't it?" Peter nodded
vigorously as they followed Hagrid down the narrow, steep path. A strange,
apprehensive sort of silence fell over the group. No one dared speak. It seemed
that they were expecting something horrible to happen. However, all their fears
were forgotten as the path opened up. There was a collective gasp heard from
the group as they caught sight of the humungous castle that lay before them.

"Four to a boat! Everyone in!" Hagrid ordered.
Everyone climbed into the small boats and waited. Hagrid checked to make sure
that no one was left behind and then cried "FORWARD!" The boats began to move
across the sparkling lake, toward the grand castle.

"Have you ever seen anything like it?" Sirius asked
in amazement. Angela, Lily and James, who were all in the same boat, could only
shake their heads while gazing up at their beautiful new school.

In the next boat were Cassandra, Peter, Remus and
another boy they didn't know.

"I heard there's a forest by Hogwarts that has
unicorns and werewolves." The unknown boy said energetically. Remus' head
whipped toward the boy.

"Werewolves?" Remus asked nervously. The boy nodded
gravely.

"That's not true!" Cassandra protested. She could
see that Remus was obviously frightened by the thought of werewolves and was
eager to ease her new friends worry.

"Yes it is! My uncle told me all about it. He says
there's all sorts of nasty things in there!" The boy argued.

"Shows how much he knows." Cassandra scoffed. "Werewolves
only turn into wolves one night a month. There cannot possibly be werewolves in
the forest all the time as people who turn into werewolves would change back
into humans after the full moon. Surely they wouldn't stay in such a dangerous
forest as humans and it would be rather noticeable if a load of people just
showed up every month to get into the forest during the full moon. It's just a
story people tell little witches and wizards to scare them." Cassandra finished
with a look of utter superiority, thinking that she had made her case so well
that no one could refute it.

"You're wrong." The boy said shaking his head
dramatically. "The forest does something to them. It makes them stay wolves
forever." Remus gulped.

"Well then they wouldn't be werewolves would they?
Just regular old wolves." Cassandra said huffily. Remus was very grateful when
they reached the other side of the lake and the conversation was cut off.

"Everyone duck!" Hagrid shouted as they floated
through a tunnel in the cliff and came to a stop in an underground harbor.
Everyone climbed out of the boats and followed Hagrid through a passageway
leading to the outside of the castle.

"All right there, Remus?" Sirius asked clamping his
hand on Remus' shoulder. "You look a bit ill." Remus nodded, but didn't speak.
"Don't like boats, eh?" Remus nodded again, satisfying Sirius' curiosity, but
Angela, who had been watchin Remus' face, suspected there was something more
than bothering him. She looked at him warily but asked no questions.

They started up the stone stairway to Hogwarts
front entrance. Hagrid knocked three times and the doors swung open. Waiting
for them was a stern looking witch with her hair pulled back in a tight bun.
She seemed very strict and by no means a woman to cross. Hagrid introduced her
as Professor McGonagall, who in turn, excused Hagrid and led the first years
through the entrance hall and into a small chamber off of the hall.

"Welcome to Hogwarts." She greeted them. She then
proceeded to tell them about the banquet and the sorting. "You will wait here
until we are ready to sort you. Wait quietly, I'll come retrieve you when it is
time."

"So…does anyone know how we are sorted?" Lily asked
when McGonagall had gone. The boy from the boat spoke first.

"My uncle told me that there would be a test and we
would be sorted according to our scores."

"Well your uncle just knows everything doesn't he?"
Cassandra said sarcastically.

"He knows more than you, I expect." Cassandra was
about to retort, but McGonagall interrupted.

"Everyone quiet! Form a line and follow me." They
did as they were told and were led into the Great Hall.

"Look at the ceiling!" gasped one girl.

"There is none!" A boy exclaimed

"My uncle told me it was charmed to look like the
sky." Cassandra rolled her eyes.

"Yeah? My uncle told me that your uncle is a bloody
git." She whispered to Lily, who giggled.

The first years came to a halt as Professor
McGonagall placed a ragged and ancient looking hat on a chair before them.

"Eeww!" One girl squealed. "I hope we don't have to
touch it!" There were disgusted whispers heard throughout the crowd, mostly
from the girls. They were silenced however when the tattered hat burst into
song. After it was done, most breathed a sigh of relief, realizing that all
they would have to do was try the hat on. The squealing girl however looked
absolutely repulsed. Cassandra turned to the boy from the boat who was now
proudly introducing himself to Lily as Adrian.

"What were you saying about a test?" She asked. He
glared at her angrily.

Professor McGonagall began to call out names. No
one paid much attention to other people being sorted and only worried about
their own turn.

"Addison, Adrian!" The boy hesitated, afraid for a
moment before slowly trotting toward the magical hat and placing it on his
head.

"RAVENCLAW!" The hat shouted after a moment. 

"Ravenclaw!" Cassandra muttered, "How could that
dense little creep get into Ravenclaw?" but no one seemed to hear her.

"Black, Sirius!" Sirius seemed undisturbed by the
task at hand and sauntered right up to the stool and dramatically put on the
hat.

"Hmmmm…" said the hat in his ear, "Very loyal, very
brave. Quiet bright too, if you didn't let mischief get in the way. The best
place for you is…GRYFFINDOR!" Sirius slid off the stool and walked, no, skipped
to a seat at the Gryffindor table. He looked around to see if he could find his
cousin and finally spotted her at the Ravenclaw table. She smiled pleasantly at
him and waved.

Lily stood nervously awaiting her turn. She watched
as the group slowly thinned and everyone was separated. She wondered what house
she would be in. Would her friends be in the same house? If not, who would?
What if she got put in the same house as those awful boys from the train? Two
of them had already been put into Slytherin. She looked out across the Great
Hall and saw Sirius chatting animatedly at the Gryffindor table. Please let
me be in Gryffindor! She thought.

"Evans, Lily!" She took a deep breath before
letting the hat fall over her eyes. She nearly jumped off the stool when the
hat whispered in her ear.

"Definite bravery I see. Gryffindor perhaps?
However…you are quite clever, perhaps you'd be better served in Ravenclaw.
Hmmm…what was that? With Mr. Black? Blindly following friends may lead you into
trouble Miss Evans. Are you sure? In that case, off you go to…GRYFFINDOR!" Lily
let out the breath she didn't realize she had been holding and quietly made her
way to a seat near Sirius.

"Congratulations Lily! This is the best house I
hear." Lily beamed at him and they chatted for a while. The sorting continued
and soon a few more Gryffindors joined them.

"Lupin, Remus!" Almost as soon as it touched his
head the hat yelled,

"GRYFFINDOR!"

"Miller, Cassandra!" was made a Gryffindor.

"Pettigrew, Peter!" stayed on the stool for nearly
a whole minute before becoming a Gryffindor and then came,

"Pierce, Angela!" she put the hat on eagerly and
waited.

"Miss Pierce, where shall we put you? No lack of
bravery, that's for sure. Also clever and very perceptive. Ravenclaw would do
you good no doubt. But then again, you like to bend the rules. No Ravenclaw
won't do. Willing to do whatever it takes to get your way. Slytherin perhaps?" No!
Angela thought I've heard about them! I've seen them! They're not a
happy bunch! I don't belong there! "Perhaps you're right. Well then, let's
go with…GRYFFINDOR!" She took off the hat and hurried toward the Gryffindor
table.

"Finally!" Sirius joked. "For a moment I thought it
wouldn't sort you at all."

"What did it say?" Lily asked.

"Potter, James!"

"I'll tell you later." Angela muttered.

"GRYFFINDOR" shouted the hat and James made his way
over to them and sat down. They talked excitedly for a moment until Angela
whispered,

"Sirius! Isn't that you're girlfriend?" She pointed
to "Walker, Desiree" who was now putting on the sorting hat.

"Shut up!"

"I just thought you should know."

"She's not my girlfriend!"

"Yet." Remus added. Sirius growled.

"Here he goes again." Angela sighed. Sirius was
about to reply when the Sorting Hat yelled,

"SLYTHERIN!" Sirius paled immediately. Angela and
Remus both burst out laughing.

"Sirius is in love with a Slytherin!" Angela said
as she gasped for air.

"I am not!" He protested, but it was to no avail.
They just laughed harder.

Soon the ceremony ended and the headmaster,
Dumbledore said a few words, including a warning about staying out of the
Forbidden Forest. During this warning, Adrian sent Cassandra a superior look
from the Ravenclaw table. When Dumbledore finished, food magically appeared
before them, much to the amazement of the first years.

After the feast had ended, the houses were lead to
their individual common rooms to retire for the night. The next day would be
the start of classes and for the first years, the beginning of a whole new
world.

 

 

*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*

 

 

A/N: Did you like it? Let me know! Review! The next chapter
should be longer. Now that we're done with the sorting we can get to the good
stuff! YaY! Pray for no writer's block! Review! Until next time…

 

Ebony Ice











--------












A/N: I know the Hogwarts library probably isn't as big as
I make it out to be, but this is how I like to picture so…deal with it.

 

I would like to thank Rosezgarden and Musicizdbest
(Colleen) for reviewing, I'm very appreciative.

 

Disclaimer: If I owned them, do you really think I'd be
doing this?

 

 

The
Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER
5- Truth, Sirius and the Library, May They Never Meet

 

 Early
the next morning, when all were still asleep. All but one. One girl who was
sitting in the common room. Cassandra. She had been stirred from her sleep by a
rather horrifying dream. A vision. 

Her visions usually came as dreams. Nightmares
really. They were more vivid than normal dreams. That was the only way she
could tell the difference, until the dreams came true that is. This one was
different though, less realistic. She couldn't really understand it. Usually
her visions were pretty straightforward, like watching an actual event taking
place. This one though…

She was standing in a room, she didn't know
where. There was a tall man and a young girl, they were laughing and having a
good time together, only Cassandra couldn't hear anything and it seemed as
though they were floating. The man had brown hair and kindly face. She got a
closer look at the girl and to here surprise it was one of the girls she met
last night, Angela. Cassandra called to her and she turned around, back facing
the older man. She smiled and waved to Cassandra. Cassandra smiled back for a
moment but she then saw a horrifying sight. It was an animal, a dog or a wolf
or something, running toward them, looking hungry. It grabbed the man behind
Angela and started dragging him away. Cassandra screamed and tried to run after
them but couldn't move. Angela looked at her oddly and turned around but the
man was completely gone. She looked around confused and Cassandra could see her
calling him. She was saying…oh what was she saying? She couldn't remember.

"Cassandra?" She was startled and whipped
around to see Remus standing behind her. "What are you doing up this early?"
She smiled weakly at him.

"Nothing really. I just had a bad dream and
couldn't sleep anymore."

"Really? Would you like to talk about it?"
Cassandra shook her head.

"No I'm fine now. What are you doing up this
early?" she asked changing the subject.

"I couldn't sleep anymore either. It happens
sometimes, I just get restless, I don't know why." This was only half the
truth. He did get restless sometimes, but he knew exactly why. The full moon
was approaching and he always had trouble sleeping during this time.

"Well, in that case, why don't you join me? I
could use the company," Cassandra said meekly, unsure if he would really want
to. He didn't really know her that well. Fortunately for her, he smiled
obligingly and sat next to her. "So what do you think so far? About Hogwarts, I
mean." Remus smiled.

"Honestly? As pathetic as it may sound and
even though we've only just arrived last night, it's probably the best thing
that's ever happened to me."

"It's not that pathetic. I would probably have
to say the same thing. I mean, I love my Gram and all, but I was happy to get
away." Remus nodded understandingly. Cassandra laughed for a moment. "What do
you think of Sirius and James and all of them?" Remus grinned.

"I think with those two around, there will never
be a dull moment," he joked. "Angela, too. Truth be told I'm not sure I fit in
so well with them." A sad look fell over Remus' face, but was gone just as
quickly as it had come.

"Why?" Cassandra asked. Remus shook his head
dismissively.

"Just a feeling," he replied. Cassandra had a
feeling there was more to it than that, but didn't pry. After all they had only
just met and it wasn't like she had told him everything yet either. They sat in
silence for a moment until Sirius and James came bounding down the stairs. 

"Good morning everyone!" Sirius greeted, "I
trust you all slept as well as I did." Remus and Cassandra groaned. How could
he be so energetic after just waking up?

"Good morning, Sirius. Hello, James,"
Cassandra said as cheerily as she could, given her lack of sleep. Soon, though,
the serious mood had passed as they began talking about today's classes. They
had Potions with the Slytherins and Charms with the Hufflepuffs. More tired
looking Gryffindors filtered into the common room and soon began making their
way down to breakfast. James, Sirius, Remus and Cassie, as Sirius had dubbed
her, waited for the rest of their party to wake up before beginning their
journey to the Great Hall.

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

"Does anyone know where we're going?" Lily
asked, somewhat annoyed. They had been following Sirius, which was a mistake by
the way, down the stairs. Unfortunately, Sirius seemed to think that stopping
at every floor to take a look around was a necessity. Being that they started
on the top floor it was needless to say that they made a lot of detours. They
were now wandering around the second floor, lost somewhere in the library.

"Yes," Sirius insisted, "I just want to have a
look about."

"We've been having 'a look about' for the past
half hour. Haven't you seen enough?" Angela asked, irritably.

"I'm kind of interested in seeing what's
around actually. Don't want to get lost when we actually have somewhere to be,
do we?" Peter said helpfully. Cassandra rolled her eyes.

"We do have somewhere to be. It's called
breakfast." Cassandra shook her head and whispered to Angela and Lily, "Now I
know why my mum yells at my dad for not stopping for directions," Lily and
Angela snickered.

"I heard that!" Sirius shouted, "We are not
lost!"

"Of course did Dog-Boy. Canines have a
heightened sense of hearing. Yet more proof of your true species," Angela
joked. Sirius turned to glare at her.

"Dog-Boy?" Peter asked. Sirius ignored him.

"At least I can control a little cart, Angel
Cake."

"Hey! That was an accident!" Angela protested.

"No it wasn't," Cassandra said before she had
a chance to think about it.

"What?" Sirius asked, interestedly.

"She meant to do it, I saw her." Angela paled.
Cassandra realized what she did and added, "I thought you knew." Sirius turned
on Angela.

"You meant to run me over?"

"Well…not exactly," Angela said nervously.
Sirius did not look happy. "I just meant to scare you a bit."

"Scare me a bit? By killing me?!" Sirius
shouted, enraged. The others backed away form him a bit.

"No, I meant to stop it before it hit you,
honestly! But I lost control." She shrugged and added, "I'm sorry."

"I'm sure," Sirius said furiously. "So sorry
that you spent the rest of the day calling me Dog-Boy?!" Angela straightened herself
and started to get angry herself.

"I told you I'm sorry, what more do you want?"
Sirius stepped closer to her and got into her face.

"Nothing," he whispered, venomously. He turned
and stomped away angrily.

"Fine! Dog-Boy was too good a name for you!
Stubborn jackass seems to fit much better!" she yelled after him and tramped
away in the other direction. The others stood in shock for a moment before
James lost it.

"You just had to open you're big mouth didn't
you?!" James accused.

"Me?! I was just telling the truth!" Cassandra
said, defensively. They too walked off in their separate ways, leaving Remus,
Lily and Peter standing speechless.

"That went well." Remus said after a moment.

"Do you think we should go after them?" Lily
asked.

"So that we can get lost, as well?" Peter
asked. Lily shrugged.

"I'm certain they can find their own way out
of here. I say we go to breakfast and if they don't show up, we'll get help,"
Remus resolved. Lily and Peter agreed. The remaining three then turned around
and walked in the direction they had just come.

 

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

"What kind of crazy person goes
around running into complete strangers with luggage? Honestly!" Sirius muttered
to himself as he wandered around the library. "The least she could have done
tell the truth."

"I quite agree, dearie." Sirius
spun around and found himself face to face with an honest to god ghost. At
first the sight terrified him, but he had seen ghosts at the feast and figured
this was nothing out of the ordinary at Hogwarts. "Honesty is the best policy,"
the ghost added.

"Hello," Sirius said, a bit
guarded. The ghost smiled kindly at him. She was a pleasant old woman…er…ghost
and looked as though she belonged at least a century ago.

"Good morning young fellow! How
do you do?"

"Quite well thanks. And you?"
Sirius asked politely.

"Marvelous! Thank you. Now tell
me young sir, what brings you to my part of the library?"

"Well…" Sirius began, suddenly
afraid he might be in trouble, "I was just looking around a bit with my
friends."

"Really? And where did they run
off to?"

"I had a bit of a quarrel with
one of them and I walked away. I thought I'd find a way out of here by myself,
but it's a much bigger library than I thought," he admitted.

"Yes, it is rather large, isn't
it?" The ghost smiled, seemingly pleased with this fact.

"Yes, and I thought I might find
the librarian, but I have not seen her."

"Oh, she's off to breakfast I'd
suppose. Not to worry dearest, I'll help you find your way out."

"Thank you!" Sirius replied
gratefully. "My name is Sirius, by the way," he introduced himself, the thought
of just how odd this conversation was suddenly hitting him. He was talking to a
ghost!

"Glad to meet you Sirius. I am
Madam Ruth." Sirius nearly raised his hand to shake hers, but thought better of
it. She seemed to read his thoughts and smiled knowingly at him. "Come along.
We must hurry, don't want to miss breakfast do you?" Sirius shook his head and
followed the ghost through the library. 

They came to the exit, Sirius
thanked Madam Ruth and she told him to come visit her in the library anytime
and then floated away. As Sirius watched her go, he thought idly about what a
horrible fate it would be to have to haunt a library. He was sharply awakened from
his thoughts by a loud screech coming somewhere from the depths of the library
which was soon followed by an even louder, more frightened shriek.

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

Angela walked around the
library, not really paying attention to where she was going. I told him I
was sorry. I wouldn't do it again. She smiled to herself. Well, maybe I
would…but I'd make sure to stop before I hit him this time! And talk about a
temper! It really was an accident. And besides, it happened yesterday. Someone
should tell that boy to stop living in the past. I'm over it, he should be too,
she thought, matter-of-factly.

She glanced around and realized
she had no idea where she was. Perfect! Now I really am lost! Her heart
began to beat a little faster. This place is eerie. You would think they
would have woken up to the 20th Century already. Castles don't
necessarily have a quota on how many innocent children they have to frighten
anymore. The medieval days are over. 

She glanced at the shelves next
to her when something caught her eye. It was a book, nothing unusual to find in
a library, but this book appeared to be covered in…was that? Blood? She poked
the book with her finger and it felt wet. She quickly jerked her finger away. Eww…how
could they keep something like this in a school library? Unless…could this be?
The Restricted Section. She vaguely remembered hearing the Headmaster
mention this section last night at the feast. She looked around suspiciously. It
must be. She thought. I better leave before someone catches me. 

Angela turned to leave, but was
struck with a sudden curiosity. Then again, she thought, how many
people get a chance to look in the Restricted Section on their first day? I may
never have another opportunity to see just what they don't want me to. How can
I turn it down? She turned back to the books. What harm could it do
really? After all, they were just books. She glanced around making sure the
coast was clear and carefully picked up a book. She took a deep breath and
opened it.

"It's blank!" she said without
thinking. What good is a blank book? More importantly, what is so dangerous
about a blank book? She thought curiously. Surely they can't all be
blank. She put the blank book back and reached for another. She was about
to open it when she heard two screams, one right after the other.

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

 

James strolled through the
library, his anger gone, now replaced with a tinge of embarrassment at his
outburst.  He didn't mean to yell at
Cassandra like that, but he had been having fun, exploring with his new friends
and she had ruined the mood. It wasn't really her fault he supposed, she was,
as she had said, just telling the truth. He glanced at his surroundings. This
place is just too big, he thought, I bet half of these books haven't
been read in about a 100 years.

James decided that it was
probably time to be leaving, the others must already have gone, he supposed. As
much as he'd like to explore the hidden parts of this library, if mum could
only see me now! She would be so proud, her son, actually wishing to stay in
the library! He had other things to do today. Classes to get to and all
that rubbish. He doubted very much that his mother would appreciate a letter
from Dumbledore saying he had missed his first day classes. Maybe he would come
back some other time.

James turned back from whence he
came and spotted Cassandra wandering near by. She seemed not to even notice his
presence and looked rather lost in thought. Uh-oh! I wonder if she's still
mad at me? Better not take the chance. James knew that the wrath of a
female scorned was nothing to mess with. He ducked behind a nearby bookshelf.
He held his breath hoping she would pass without noticing him. After a moment
without her walking by, he peered out from behind the bookshelf and to his
surprise saw…nothing. Where did she go? He wondered. He stepped out from
behind the shelf and glanced around. She was nowhere to be seen.

"AAAAHHHHHH!" came a scream from
behind him. James jumped and shrieked in surprise. He whipped around and came
face to face with no other than the 'scorned female'. She was look very pleased
with herself indeed. James was breathing hard and looked suddenly very angry.

"What…did you think…you were
doing!" he demanded.

Cassandra simply replied,
"Getting even." To this James could say nothing, he did somewhat deserve it.

They heard footsteps running in
their direction and were soon joined by Angela, followed by Sirius.

"What happened?" Angela asked
trying to catch her breath.

"Nothing really. James and I
were just settling something." Cassandra smirked and James stayed silent.

"Well, next time, do think you
could settle things a bit quieter?"

"I think that is a superb idea,"
said a new voice emerging behind them. They all turned to see none other than
Albus Dumbledore towering over them. "After all, this is a library," he
said with a slight twinkle in his eye.

 

 

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

 

A/N: Did you like it? Want to know what happens
next? Review! Let me know! I have to know whether anyone is eager to find out
what happens next or not. If not then I can take my good old' sweet time. If I
know people are counting on me, I might be a little more motivated to get the
next chapter up.

 

Until next
time…

Ebony Ice











--------












A/N: Okay this chapter is a bit short, but what can you
do? Inspiration strikes in mysterious ways. It's actually a bit longer than I
originally planned.

 

I would like to thank Rosezgarden and Musicizdbest
(Colleen) for reviewing! You guys rock!

 

 

Disclaimer: This is so tedious. Do I really have to put
this every time? They're not mine! Except for Angela and Cassandra and a few
other background characters here and there.

 

 

The
Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER
6- Dumbledore Knows All

 

 

Professor Dumbledore escorted them all
silently into his office.

"Please, have a seat," he offered, motioning
to the chairs in front of them. 

As the others took in the sight of the
Headmaster's office, Cassandra could only think about how she had already
failed her Gram. I wasn't even here for 24 hours and I've already gotten
myself into trouble, she thought, guiltily.

"Now, who would like to explain why you were
causing such a commotion in the library? Most students wait until at least 9:00
A.M."

"Learning?" Sirius suggested.

"Yes, Mr. Black, but learning what, I wonder.
There is no need to study before you have even begun you're first class."
Sirius wondered how Dumbledore knew his name already. They hadn't yet met and
he couldn't possibly remember just from the sorting. He guessed it must just be
a wizard trick.

"We were just…familiarizing ourselves with the
school a bit," James explained. Dumbledore smiled a little.

"Ah…yes. It is very important to be familiar
with one's surroundings. However, I do hope that next time you should be at
least have breakfast before beginning any new explorations." He smiled a bit at
these students' audacity. Not many first years dared to wander off into unknown
parts of Hogwarts in their first week, let alone within the first few hours of
arriving. "I do also hope that the next time you venture into the library, you
will quiet yourselves just a tad. I'm sure our librarian would much appreciate
it." They waited for him to say something more, to punish them, but he didn't.

"Aren't we in trouble?" Cassandra blurted out.
Dumbledore smiled at her.

"No, Miss Miller. You have done nothing to warrant
punishment, except be a little noisy. I don't think that's really a punishable
offence. At least, not on your first warning." Cassandra breathed a sigh of
relief. Her Gram would never have to know. "You may leave now," Dumbledore
dismissed them. As they were walking out the door, he called Angela back. "Miss
Pierce, could you stay a moment?" She told the others to go on without her and
turned back into the Headmaster's office, feeling slightly apprehensive.

"Yes, sir?" she said, trying to sound as innocent
as possible, a technique she had perfected.

"I must also ask that you refrain from
wandering in the Restricted Section again." Angela's jaw nearly dropped to the
floor. For a moment, she considered lying, but then thought better of it.

"Yes, Professor."

"Good. Have a nice day Miss Pierce." She
smiled at him gratefully and quickly made her way to the Great Hall to rejoin
her partners in crime. She saw them now reunited with Remus, Lily and Peter.

"What did he say?" James asked as Angela sat
next to him at the table. She grinned.

"He told me to stay out of the Restricted
Section."

"Why would he tell you that? He already
announced that all students must stay away from the Restricted Section last
night," Cassandra asked. Angela shrugged innocently.

"Maybe because he saw me there this morning."
Everyone immediately ceased their activities, except for Angela who sipped her
juice as if this was just a normal conversation.

"You were in the Restricted Section?" Lily
whispered incredulously.

"Sure. It's not like it's hidden," Angela said
while buttering her toast.

"But…but," Peter stuttered, "It's restricted."
Peter wasn't used to breaking or even bending the rules. What would his mother
say?

"Really? I had no idea," Angela said, as
though this was new information.

"And Dumbledore didn't punish you?" This was
the first thing Sirius had said to her since their…disagreement. Angela shook
her head and Sirius' face fell disappointedly. "What a pity," he said sadly.
Angela glared at him.

"What did you find?" Remus asked. Angela
turned to him.

"Not much, really. Before I had a chance to
see much I heard James and Cassandra scream and I ran off to find them."

"Wait, why were James and Cassandra
screaming?" Lily asked.

"Long story," Angela started to say, but
Sirius interrupted.

"Well it's interesting, actually. It seems
that girls fancy striking fear in the hearts of innocent boys." Cassandra and
Angela both snorted when he said 'innocent', but he ignored them. "Tell me
Lily, do you enjoy this lovely pastime, as well?" At this point, all the girls
were glaring at Sirius, but he just kept on grinning. Angela cleared her
throat.

"At any rate, as I was saying," she shot one
last dirty look at Sirius and continued, "that's how we ended up in
Dumbledore's office in the first place. He found us there, James and Cassandra
screaming their heads off and asked us to follow him. I'm sure that if I could
have had more time in there I would have found something more interesting. Oh!
I did find a book covered in…well…it looked as though it was covered in blood."
There was silence for a moment and then…

"Are you sure?"

"Couldn't be!"

"You must be joking"

"You can't be serious!"

"No, that's me!"

"SIRIUS!" they all shouted and James slapped
him upside the head.

"They wouldn't keep a book like that in our
library! It's unsanitary!" Lily exclaimed, disgusted.

"I guess that's why it's in the Restricted
Section, Lily" 

"Shut up James!"

"I will not!" he replied. "No one can
silence…" Remus shoved a piece of toast in his mouth, effectively silencing him
as he was distracted and sat happily eating his toast.

"Who would want a book covered in blood?"
Remus wondered.

"Hogwarts, apparently" Angela shrugged.
"Uh-oh," said looking at the clock, "We'd better finish up. We have Potions
first thing and we still have to go grab our things. Don't want toget in
trouble for being late."

"Yeah, wouldn't want to get into trouble on
the first day. Oh wait…we already did that!" Sirius said sarcastically. On that
note they finished their breakfast and went about their day. First
class…Potions!

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

A/N: I told you it was fairly
short. I hope you liked it! Please Review! I'll try to have the next chapter up
soon. Anyway…one of these days I'm going to write a story explaining how
Dumbledore knows everything. It'll be called "How Dumbledore Knows Everything".
All I need to do is figure out just HOW Dumbledore knows everything. Hmmm…I don't
know why I thought of that.

 

Until
Next Time…

Ebony
Ice











--------












A/N: I know the last chapter wasn't one of the better ones
but this one should be a bit better. I also apologize for the delay with this
chapter. My computer decided to be evil and delete everything I wrote.
Fortunately, I save all of what I have written to a disk. However, as I said,
my computer was being mean and wouldn't read the disk right and everything came
out in those little box-letter things. But, not to worry! Everything is fine
now. My computer and I have come to an agreement. It saves my work correctly
and I don't kick it. We're very happy now. Anyway, on we go!

 

Thanks to…

Rosezgarden


Musicizdbest
(Colleen)

The Dumb Brunette 

You guys are the best!

 

Disclaimer: You know the drill. JK Rowling owns most of
these characters, though not all of them. You know who I'm talking about.

 

 

The
Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER
7- Mission: Disengage Braids

 

 

"Sirius just give it back,"
Remus said exasperated.

"Never!" Sirius yelled as he ran wildly around the
Potions classroom. Class hadn't begun yet and the Professor was nowhere to be
seen. Sirius had taken it upon himself to amuse the class while they waited. He
had grabbed Angela's textbook and was now running madly about with it under his
arm, refusing to give it back. Sirius seemed to find this hilarious, but the
others quickly grew tired of his antics.

"Sirius Black if you don't give that back right now
I'll…" Angela threatened. Sirius stopped for a moment.

"You'll what? Hit me with your luggage cart again?"
Sirius asked, laughing like crazy. His laughter was brought to a sudden halt as
he was tackled to the floor. Angela grabbed her book and stood over him.

"I don't need a cart to take you out, Dog-Boy."
Angela turned on heel and walked back to her seat next to Remus. Sirius sat up
and rubbed the back of his head where he had hit the floor.

"You don't have to be so violent," Sirius
complained, "I would have given it back." Angela smirked.

"Yes, but it's so much more fun this way," she said
sweetly, but Sirius wasn't listening. He was watching something by the door.
Angela followed Sirius' gaze and realized that Sirius was staring, yet again,
at the Slytherin girl from the train station.

"Boys!" Angela muttered and her shook head
disapprovingly.

The girl started walking toward Sirius, chatting
with another Slytherin girl.

"Hello," Sirius said quietly as she walked by him.
She stopped for a moment and looked at him, then continued to talk with her
friend as they walked to their seats. Sirius quickly stood up, suddenly
realizing he was still sitting on the floor.

Stupid! Stupid Sirius! I must have looked like a
complete idiot! Why didn't I get off the floor? Sirius
thought, angry over his folly. She could have at least pretended to be nice!
Stupid Slytherin! I should have listened to James when he warned me about them!


"Nice move, Dog-Boy!" Angela whispered. Sirius
slumped down in his seat as the Professor finally arrived.

"Good morning class," he said quickly, "I am your
Potions teacher, Professor Craig. Before we begin, I would like to lay down
some ground rules." The class groaned, but Professor Craig continued. "In this
class, there is no room for foolishness!" he barked. "There is no guessing and
hard work is the only way to survive."

"Well, I'm dead," Sirius muttered. Professor
Craig's eyes flashed angrily toward him.

"I also expect that when I am speaking, you all
will remain SILENT!" Sirius gulped and once again sank down in his seat. "Now,
I expect all of you have come prepared and brought you textbooks with you, as
you shall do everyday hereafter." He gave the class a pointed look, daring
anyone to protest and when no one did he continued. "If you would, open you
books to page 1. Today, we will be starting with the basics."

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

"That man is awful!" James whined. "The nerve!
Giving us homework after the first day!" James led the way toward their next
class, Charms.

"All he asked was that we read a bit, it's not that
bad," Peter reasoned.

"Not that bad!" Sirius exclaimed, "It's 10 pages!"

"With small print!" Remus said.

"And no pictures!" James added.

"On the first day!" Angela finished.

"Fine, fine! I was just saying that it could have
been worse." Peter replied indignantly.

"Ahem," Lily cleared her throat, "Not that this
conversation isn't fascinating and all, but if we don't hurry up a bit, we're
going to be late." They walked the rest of the way silently and made it to
their seat in the Charms classroom just as a kind looking old woman entered.

"Good afternoon class!" This Professor seemed much
friendlier than the last. "I am Professor Roster. Today we will talk a little
bit about the importance of Charms in everyday life." She droned on and soon
the most of the class had drifted off into daydreams.

Cassandra got so bored that she began braiding
Lily's hair. Lily, in turn, thought this was a great idea and began braiding
Angela's hair. Angela seemed annoyed by the fact that she could no longer move
freely in her desk and decided that others must suffer with her and she grabbed
Remus, who, unfortunately for him, was sitting right in front of her, and tried
to braid his hair. Remus tried to squirm away without catching the teacher's
attention, but had no luck. Angela finally decided his hair was too short to
braid, so she just played with it anyway she could.

James, Sirius and Peter, after trying for many
minutes to conceal their laughter, decided that they could not bear to see
their comrade in such a sad state and began formulating a rescue mission.

"The only way save Remus is to break the whole
chain," James whispered in a mock army general voice. "If Lily still has a hold
on Angela, Angela won't let go of Remus and so on and so forth. Peter, it is
your job to distract Cassie. Sirius you go after Angela."

"No problem, sarge!" Sirius saluted.

"I'll take care of Lily. Remember, don't get
caught!" James warned. "Ready! Peter you go first!" Unbeknownst to Professor
Roster, who continued to droll on about Charms and such, Peter slowly crouched
down onto the floor and crawled to his destination.

"Psssst! Cassandra!" Cassandra jumped a bit
triggering chain reaction of hair pulling down the line. Remus let out a slight
whine of pain and they all looked nervously at Professor Roster, but she seemed
not to notice. Peter shot an apologizing look toward James and Sirius and
continued. "Cassandra! Guess what I have!" Peter whispered excitedly.

"Peter, what are you doing down there? You're going
to get in trouble!"

"But I wanted to show you something. Look!" Peter
pulled out a small furry animal from his pocket.

"What is it?" Cassandra asked perplexed.

"It's a ferret!" Peter whispered, "Isn't it cute!"

"Peter, where did you get a ferret? Where have you
been hiding it all day? You know we were only supposed to bring a cat, an owl
or a toad as a pet."

"So…"

"Peter, why don't you sit down before you get
caught?"

"But you haven't held it yet." Peter protested.

"Not right now, Peter. Go sit down."

"No not until you hold it!" he said firmly.

"Peter…" Before she could finish, Peter shoved the
ferret into her arms and she let go of Lily's hair. Mission accomplished.
Peter thought and crawled back to his seat, leaving Cassandra holding the
ferret. "Wait!" she whispered, "Come back! Peter!"

As Peter slid back into his seat, James said, "Good
job soldier," and slid out of his chair and headed toward Lily. Sirius turned
toward Peter.

"Where did you get a ferret?" Peter
shrugged. 

"Found it this morning." Sirius' eyes widened and
he crinkled his nose.

"That's terrible! You stole someone's pet!"

"It was running free," Peter argued.

"Yeah, well you don't know where it's been. It
could be that boy, Malfoy's pet!" Peter shrugged again.

"Hey Lily!" James said, "Can you help me find my,
umm…quill?" Lily looked around for a moment.

"I don't see it anywhere."

"No. You have to come down here and look for it."
James pulled on her arm, causing her to let go of Angela's hair and nearly fall
out of her desk.

"James, I'm not getting down on the floor."

"But my quill!" Lily looked around once more when
something caught her eye.

"James, you're quill is on your desk," she said
dryly. James glanced back and mentally grimaced.

"So, it is. Thank you Lily." He began to crawl back
to his seat, but Cassandra stopped him.

"Give this," she shoved the ferret into
James' hands, "back to Peter."

"Yes ma'am." James saluted and, ferret in hand
crawled back to his seat.

"Here Peter. I don't think she liked your little
friend much." James handed Peter the little rodent.

"My turn," Sirius said and grinned. He crouched to
the floor and inched toward Angela. "Angel Cake!" he whispered. She looked at
him suspiciously.

"What?" Sirius pounced on her hands and tried to
pry her grip from Remus' hair. James and Peter simultaneously smacked their own
foreheads, the same thought crossing both their minds. Uh-oh.

"Let the prisoner go!" he whispered. She tried to
shove him off but he till held on and as he lost his balance pulled Angela's
arms with him. Angela shrieked in pain and let go of Remus' hair. The class,
even Professor Roster, could hardly fail to realize what was going on now.

"Fifteen points from Gryffindor!" The Gryffindors
groaned and looked murderously at Sirius who smiled sheepishly.

Mission Complete.

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

A/N: Ah…the good old days! When we were younger, my
best friend always used to sit in class and braid my hair. I hated that. Oh
well. I wasn't really sure about this chapter, it might be a little rushed. I
don't know. I hope you guys liked it. Please review! By the way I also wasn't
sure about the classroom setup at Hogwarts so I'm basically going to set things
up to fit my needs for the story. OK? Good.

 

Until
Next Time…

Ebony Ice











--------












A/N: 8th chapter, wow! How time flies. Actually
this story had been going a bit slower than I had originally planned. I hadn't
expected to spend so much time just writing about the Marauders first day. Oh
well. It'll turn out for the best I'm sure.

 

Thanks to…

Kiki



Everyone who reviewed the previous chapters

You guys rock! Keep it up!

 

Disclaimer: Not mine.

 

The
Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER
8- The Great Snape Revenge Plot

 

            "Can you
believe that we've been here nearly two weeks already?" Lily asked. She was
sitting in the Gryffindor common room with Cassandra, Peter and James.

            "It feels
like we've only just arrived," Cassandra said. The others nodded. James watched
as a group a fifth years walked by and frowned when he heard them say something
about lazy first years. He realized, with disgust, that he had just been
sitting around the common room, doing nothing, in his spare time.

"We should do something," he
suggested.

"We could do our homework. That
Transfiguration essay is due in two days." Cassandra proposed. James wrinkled
his nose.

"That's not exactly what I had in
mind."

"Well, what did you have in mind?"
Peter asked. James sighed. He didn't know what he wanted to do. He did however
know that the last thing he wanted to do was homework. Before James had a
chance to answer, Sirius and a bright-green haired Angela came storming into
the common room.

"If you hadn't insulted him, it
wouldn't have happened!" Sirius shouted at her.

"Me! You're the one who called him
dung-eater!" Angela retorted.

"Well, you called him an
ass-kisser!"

"We wouldn't even have this problem
if you hadn't made me follow you to the dungeons!"

"Made you! You were practically
begging to come with me! Like a little puppy!"

"Let's not forget who here is the
dog!"

"That's getting real old! What's
the matter? Can't come up with any new insults?" Sirius taunted.

"Oh believe me, there are plenty of
other things I could call you! Dog-Boy just fits best!" 

"Er…Sirius, Angela?" James said,
trying to get their attention.

"WHAT!?" they answered
simultaneously and turned sharply to look at James, as if just noticing he was
there. James rolled his eyes. They had been like this since the first day,
constantly bickering. James couldn't figure out why they associated with each
other at all. He decided they just liked to argue…a lot…about everything.

"You guys are making a scene,"
James explained. Sirius and Angela looked around. The entire common room had
stopped to watch their fight, but now everyone began milling around once more.
"Now," James said calmly, "What happened?" Angela and Sirius both began talking
at the same time.

"He made me go down to the dungeons
with him…"

"James, she was begging, I swear…"

"It'll be fun! He says…"

"She didn't have to come…"

"On the way down, we ran into…"

"Snape! Nosy little git!"

"Sirius just had to pick a fight!
Like always!"

"He was asking for it! James, you
would have done the same!"

"Called him all sorts of nasty
things!"

"She called him a greasy little
suck up!"

"You know how he always tries to
get in good with Professor Craig! Show off…"

"He got angry…"

"Turned my hair green!"

"Well actually it's more like a
nice lime color."

"Sirius! That's not the point!
Where did he even learn a spell like that?! First years aren't supposed to be
able to do that!"

"He's a Slytherin! He's built to
cause others humiliation…"

"Oh yes. I forgot, you are the
expert on being humiliated by Slytherins…"

"Shut up!"

"Make me!"

"Guys! Stop it!" James shouted over
them, "Let's be civilized. What happened next?"

"Before we had a chance to do
anything…" Angela started.

"What would you have done anyway?
Transfigure him into a needle? Remember your match?" Angela growled. In class
when they had tried to transfigure matches into needles, hers had, for some
reason, turned pink. "Actually, that's not a bad idea," Sirius contemplated.

"At least mine was different! Yours
didn't change at all!"
            "Ahem," James cleared his
throat.

"Oh right," Angela said. "Before we
could do anything to Snape, a prefect showed up."

"A Slytherin prefect to be exact."
Sirius added.

"He took ten points from
Gryffindor!"

"He didn't take any from
Slytherin!"
            "Snape's the one who was using
magic in the corridor! Not us!"

"What do you expect? Slytherins are
corrupt, the whole lot of them!" James sighed. When would they learn?

"Well, nothing you can do about
that now. Why don't you just forget about it?" James suggested.

"Forget about it?! How can I forget
about it? My hair is GREEN!" James chuckled.

"I can take care of that," he said.
"My uncle used to do this kind of thing to me all the time. My mum had to
change my hair back at least three times whenever we had a family gathering"
James pulled out his wand and changed Angela's hair back to it's natural light
brown color.

"I don't know…I think she looked
better as a green-head," Sirius said. Angela smacked his arm. "Heh heh…ow…"

"We still can't let him get away
with this," Angela protested. "It's the principle of the thing."

"I agree," said Sirius. James put
his hand over his heart and pretended to have a heart attack.

"My God! You agree with her? I
thought I'd never live to see the day…" James said proudly, "My little Sirius
is all grown up."

"Shut up, James."

"What exactly are you planning?"
Lily asked, finally entering the conversation.

"Revenge, my dear Lily, revenge."
Cassandra winced at this. This cannot end well, she thought.

"Hhmmm…count me in!" James said. He
didn't particularly like Severus Snape either. Vengeance could be fun.

"Me too," Sirius agreed.

"Same here," Lily said. Angela
turned to Cassandra and Peter.

"How about it? Are you two in or
out?" Cassandra and Peter looked at each other for a moment and slowly nodded.

"I'm in," Cassandra replied.

"I'm in as well," Peter said.

"Good," Angela said, "Now where is
Remus?"

"He had to go to the hospital
wing," James replied, "he wasn't feeling well. Didn't look too good either."
Angela thought for a moment.

"Okay, when Remus comes back, we'll
begin phase one of the Great Snape Revenge Plot." A grin slowly crept onto
James' face. No one could accuse them of being lazy first years now. Now they
had ambition. Now they had a goal. Now they had The Great Snape Revenge Plot. 

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

A/N: So the rivalry between Snape and…everyone else
finally begins! You like? Please review! You have to let me know what you like
and what you don't. How else am I going to figure out what to write more of and
what to write less of?

 

Until
Next Time…

Ebony
Ice











--------












A/N: Not much action in this chapter. I'm trying to get
into character thoughts and emotions a little more. This chapter is pretty
short and Remus-centric. Enjoy! Please review!

 

Thanks to…

Rosezgarden
 Everyone who reviewed the previous chapters

You are all awesome! Keep it up!

 

Disclaimer: Plot and a few characters belong to me. The
rest is J.K. Rowling's. Damn her!

The
Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER
9- Determination

 

            Remus felt
terrible.

Last night had been his first transformation since
arriving at Hogwarts and by far his worst in a long time, maybe ever. Remus had
a feeling that the wolf didn't care much for its' new surroundings. He couldn't
remember when he had ever hurt this much.

Remus was reluctant to return to
the dormitory. He knew he would have to come up with some phony story to tell
everyone about what had happened to him. Madam Pomfrey had tried to fix his
scratches and bruises as well as she could, but as previously mentioned, this
month the wolf had been particularly violent. Remus knew he must still look
horrible because he was gaining many bewildered stares he trotted down the
corridor.

Remus hesitated for a moment at the
painting of the Fat Lady before giving her the password and entering the common
room. He was relieved to see that there weren't many students sitting in the
common room. They must all be at breakfast, he thought. Remus wasn't
very hungry, so he decided to head up to his bed to rest for a bit.

Last night had not only left him
with many awful wounds, but also a feeling of distress. He truly realized for
the first time since coming to Hogwarts that he could never really fit in here.
For the first couple weeks, he could pretend that everything was normal, that
he was normal. He had friends. He felt that he fit in so well with them, but
last night he realized that he didn't really. They didn't know everything about
him, they didn't know the biggest part of him. Surely if they did find out, and
Remus was sure they would, given time, they would desert him. No one wanted a
werewolf. Not his father, not his stepfather. He didn't blame them…he hated
werewolves as much as anyone. If it weren't for the werewolf that had bit him,
he would be able to have a normal life.

Remus was brought out of his
thoughts by the loud entrance of James, Sirius and Peter.

"Remus!" Sirius said cheerfully.
Remus sat up and they all gasped. Uh-oh, Remus thought, here we go!

"What happened to you?" James
asked.

"Well, er… Come on Lupin! Think!
Last night on my way to the hospital wing, I started to feel a bit, er, faint.
My legs buckled when I was walking down the stairs and I fell down a couple
flights." He finished quickly.

"Are you okay?" Peter asked, almost
wincing at the thought of this. Remus nodded, but the other boys weren't so
easily convinced.

"You look like shit, Remus." Sirius
said, his voice completely void of mirth. Remus shrugged. He wasn't sure how to
answer that. James cleared his throat.

"We have something to tell you
Remus." Remus' heart began beating a little faster. "While you were ill last
night, we all decided come up with an attack plan against that greasy little
Slytherin, Severus Snape." Remus relaxed and looked gratefully at James for
changing the subject.

"Why exactly?" Remus asked, raising
an eyebrow. Sirius scoffed.

"Why not? That little suck up needs
to be taught a lesson."

"We'll explain later," James said,
"We should be getting to Herbology right about now."

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

After class, they all returned to
the common room and proceeded to inform Remus
about the little tiff between Angela, Sirius and Snape the previous night.

"Does that really give you good
reason to plan an attack against him?" Remus asked skeptically.

"Yes, it bloody well does!" Sirius
said, "He made us lose house points!"

"And he turned my hair green!"
Angela added.

"Well, that wasn't SO bad. Kind of
funny actually…" Angela smacked Sirius upside the head. "Would you stop that!"

"At any rate," James continued
seriously, "if we don't retaliate, it would be an insult to Gryffindors
everywhere. Snape must be taught that an attack on one of us is as good as an
attack on all of us. You'll help us won't you?" Remus thought they may have
been overreacting a tad, but it could be fun…

"Unless you're not up to it," Lily
added. She had been worried about Remus since she first laid on him this
morning. He looked liked he may keel over at any minute. That, however, cinched
it for Remus. He made a decision right then and there. He wouldn't let his
'condition' pull him away from his friends. He would show them all just how
strong he really was.

"I'm in."

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

A/N: Aaawww…I love Remus. He's awesome. Him and
Sirius. And James. Oh hell! I love them all! Except Peter of course! You have
no idea how hard it is to pretend he's a good guy right now. Grrrrr… Oh well,
just wait until he starts going evil. Then I can have some fun. Rat on a stick
anyone? Not to eat of course, eewww… Torture purposes only. Anyway…did you like
it? Please review! Let me know what you think. I'm beginning to think there are
only like…3 people reading this story. ~pouts~ Oh well.

 

Until Next
Time…

Ebony Ice











--------












A/N: Next chapter! WooHoo! A thesaurus is an author's best
friend! Don't ask…you don't want to know. This chapter is kind of short because
I need your opinion on something in the end. You'll see… Read on! Please
review!

 

Thanks to…

Claire Bear Blondie  the Anonymous person 
Everyone who reviewed the previous chapters

You are all awesome! Keep it up!

 

Disclaimer: MINE! ALL MINE! Some of it anyway…

 

The
Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER
10- Breaking Up is Hard to Do.

 

Over the next few weeks, the seven
conspirators plotted and planned against Snape and pulled a few good pranks
against him. A dungbomb here, a howler there. They certainly had the other
students laughing, except for the Slytherins of course and few uptight
prefects. Yet, for all their success in humiliating Snape, they still weren't
satisfied. They wanted to do something big…something no one would ever
forget…but what?

"Psst! James!" Sirius whispered.

"Sirius, can't we talk later? I
don't want Professor Craig to hear us!" James murmured.

"But Jaaames! I'm bored!"

"Silence!" Professor Craig barked.
"Ten points from Gryffindor for disrupting my class! Next time it'll be
twenty!" Craig turned back to the rest of the class and continued his lecture
"Veritaserum is a very powerful potion. It forces the drinker to tell only
truth. It is far too advanced for first years, but I believe that you all
should have at least a basic knowledge of it." 

By this time James and Sirius had
already blocked Craig's voice out and were now writing outraged notes back and
forth.

 

Unbelievable! We weren't making that much noise!
Ten points from Gryffindor!

 

I know! The man is
awful! How could Dumbledore hire someone like that?

 

Do you think that
he's blackmailing Dumbledore?

 

No! What would
Dumbledore have to hide?

 

Everyone has their secrets, James. Even the great Albus Dumbledore, I'm
sure. Uh-oh! Craig is looking this way! Watch out!

 

"Gentlemen,
need I remind you that you are still in class?" Craig asked.

"No,
sir." James and Sirius answered simultaneously.

"Good.
Then I assume you were paying attention and can tell me the exact uses for
Veritaserum." James and Sirius looked at each other, hoping one had caught that
during the lesson, but it was hopeless.

"Umm…you
hadn't gotten to that part yet, sir." Sirius said, hoping it had been a trick
question. Craig smiled at both of them.

"Detention,"
he said simply. Sirius groaned and James elbowed him.

"Nice
one!" James said sarcastically.

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

"I
thought he said next time it'll be twenty points! I don't remember him saying
anything about detention!" Sirius complained as he cleaned out the bottom of a
particularly nasty cauldron. James rolled his eyes. Sirius had been complaining
throughout the entire detention. James had almost learned to block it out.

"Sirius,
we're almost done. Why don't you quit whining and just finish that cauldron so
we can leave." Sirius looked a little put out by this, but only for a moment.

"That's
another thing! What kind of detention is cleaning out cauldrons! They could
just clean this up real easy with magic! Why do we have to do it?" James
sighed.

"It's
a punishment. They want us to learn something I think." James was convinced
that Sirius just couldn't tolerate silence, even for a brief moment. He sighed
again and continued his work.

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

"Well,
hello there delinquents!" Angela said as James and Sirius walked into the
common room. She was sitting with Remus and Lily. "How was detention?" They
groaned. They were really tired and didn't feel like being harassed right now.
"That bad, huh? No need to worry anymore! We were just having a lovely
discussion about Snape. Planning the next attack, you know." Sirius plopped
down in an armchair.

"What
did you come up with?" he asked.

"Not
much, we're kind of stumped."

"Hmmm…we
need to do something big, something no one would expect," James said.

"Aren't
you done with Snape yet?" James turned and saw Cassandra and Peter standing
behind him, each with an arm full of books. Cassandra continued, "He's hardly
retaliated at all, except for that one time…and your eyebrows grew back!"

"What
we've done so far is nothing," Angela said. "Everything we've done so far is
just child's play. Half of it he didn't even know was us, the stupid git
thought it was the Hufflepuffs!"

"I
know, but don't you think you're taking this a little too far?"

"Look,"
James said, "If you want out, that's fine. That goes for everyone.  But I'm not going to stop now, it's just
getting good and I'm having too much fun. It's not like we've really hurt
anyone and we're doing anything illegal. I don't see the problem."

"Same
goes for me," Sirius said. Angela and Remus both agreed as well.

"I
refuse to go any farther with this," Cassandra said firmly. "It was all fun and
games in the beginning, but now…"

"It
still is," Sirius finished. Cassandra shook her head and didn't say another
word. Sirius turned to Lily and Peter. "What about you two? Are you out as
well?" Peter nodded. They had already had a few close calls where teachers
nearly caught them. He didn't want to get in trouble over this. He was out.

"Lily?"
James asked. Lily wasn't sure. She was having a lot of fun, but…what if they
were taking this too far? She never thought of herself as a cruel person…until
now. Now she felt awful about herself.

"I'm…"

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

A/N:
What do you think? Is she in or is she out? I know what I originally planned,
but now I'm not so sure… What do you guys want? Do you want Lily to go with
James, Sirius, Angela and Remus or do you want her to go with Cassandra and
Peter? Let me know, I make no guarantees but I might be persuaded to change my
original game plan if you guys want. If you wanted to know, I was going to make
her go with Cassandra and Peter. As for the first part of this chapter, it does
serve a purpose, I promise! At least I think…

 

Until Next Time…

Ebony Ice











--------












A/N: I'm sorry you guys. I shouldn't
have asked you to help me decide what to do with my story. That was a mistake
and irresponsible on my part. From now on, the writing of the Whole Story will
be completely up to me. Aren't you proud? Anyway, I hope you guys like what I
did finally decide to do. If not, well…like I said, this is my story and the
responsibility of writing the plot is all mine. Not necessarily a bad thing.
Mwahahaha! Sorry for the delay on this chapter. I had writer's block. Thanks'
are at the bottom.

 

 

Disclaimer: This is the worst
part of my day. Not mine. Never will be. ~sighs sadly~ At least I still own
Angela and Cassandra. And the plot of course. Well…actually J.K. Rowling may
have some claim to that as well. Like the werewolf thing…and the Hogwarts
thing…and the whole Marauder thing… ~sighs again~

 

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 11- The Perfect Prank

 

"I'm…" Lily hesitated. In some
ways she didn't want to quit. She liked planning pranks with her friends. On
the other hand, was this being too cruel to Snape? Lily knew she wouldn't feel
too good if she were on the receiving end of those pranks. But then again, it's
not like he's totally innocent. He was always shooting rather nasty looks at
them and sometimes he did some pretty mean things to them too. And like James
had said, they hadn't done anything too terrible…yet. What's the worst that
could happen? "I'm in." James smiled.

"Good," he said. Cassandra
heaved a sigh.

"Fine! Come on Peter. WE have
homework to finish." Cassandra turned on heel and walked out of the common,
presumably toward the library. Peter hesitated and he too turned and quietly
walked out. Lily couldn't help but feel a little guilty. Since the day on the
train, she had gotten along really well with Cassandra and now she had just
taken sides against her. And Peter, well…he was nice, too.

"Well, now that that's settled…"
Sirius began, "what next?"

"We have to decide what to do
with Snape. Any ideas?" Everyone was quiet for a moment.

"We could send him another
howler," Remus suggested. Angela shook her head.

"We already did that, three
times. Though, it was kind of funny when he decided not to open it the third
time." They all smiled at the memory for a moment and then once again became
lost in their thoughts.

"I wonder if Snape keeps a
diary…" Sirius said suddenly. The others looked at him oddly. "Well…if he
did…we could find it and find out all his dirty little secrets. That would
surely give us an idea of what to do to him." Lily rolled her eyes.

"First of all, I doubt he keeps a
diary. Not every boy is as…er…interesting as you." Sirius blushed and muttered,
'It's not a diary, it's a journal.' Lily cleared her throat and continued,
"Second of all, even if he did, how would we get it? March right into the
Slytherin dorm rooms? Ask him for it directly maybe?" Sirius shrugged, slightly
deflated.

"It was just a thought."

"It was a good thought," said
Remus suddenly, "a great thought actually" The others looked at him, confused.

"But we don't even know if he
has a…"Lily started.

"We don't need one. I meant the
part about exposing Snape's inner thoughts and all that."

"But how?" Angela asked
intrigued.

"Veritaserum." Remus said
simply. Lily and Angela gasped, but Sirius and James had identical looks of
'what's that?' on their faces.

"But Remus, we're much too young
to make a Veritaserum potion. It's too advanced!" Lily protested.

"What's Veritaserum?" Sirius
asked, anxious to be involved. He was, however, ignored.

"We don't have to make
it," Remus said. 

"We have to get it somewhere,
don't we?" Lily said. A light bulb suddenly went off in Angela's head. She now
understood exactly what was through Remus' mind.

"Don't you remember? Professor
Craig threatened all of us with it. He said he had some already made and if he
suspected any of us as being 'untruthful'" she said in a mock professor voice,
"that he would use it on us." James and Sirius looked at each, each wondering
if the other had any idea what was going on and then said in unison,

"Use what on us?" Angela sighed.

"The Veritaserum potion. You
know the thing Professor Craig was talking about while you two were earning a
detention." She said accusingly. 

"Couldn't have been that
important." Sirius shrugged.

            "Well now
it is. Now we can use it to get Snape to tell us…everything." Remus said. James
and Sirius still looked confused. "Honestly, didn't you listen to anything
Professor Craig said?"

"No," James and Sirius both
said.

"It's a truth potion," Lily
started, "A very powerful and dangerous truth potion."

"It won't be dangerous.
Professor Craig will have concocted it, so we know it'll be right. And we won't
use too much." Remus reasoned.

"Yeah and just think of all the
things Snape might say…it's perfect. We could ask him all sorts of questions
and he would have to answer them! We'll get him good this time." Angela said.

"But if Craig finds out, if he
knows someone used Veritaserum on Snape… Everyone knows that we've been
pranking Snape, he'll know it was us." Lily protested. Maybe Cassandra was
right. Maybe this is going too far. She thought.

"No he won't," Angela said.
"Like you told us before, this potion is far too advanced for first years.
He'll never suspect that we could have done such a thing."

"But he'll know his potion is
gone."

"He'll never prove we were the ones
who did it."

"Unless he uses the potion on
us." Angela had no response to this.

"We just have to make sure Craig
never finds out about it." James said firmly. "We can't do it while he is
around."

"But…but" Sirius sputtered,
"That means no one will see it! We have to do it in the Great Hall, James! This
is just too good to have only a small audience!" James thought for a minute.

"We need a diversion." Lily
said. I can't believe I'm doing this! But I just can't seem to stop myself.
Bad Lily! "We need to get Craig out of the Great Hall."

"But what? How? And what about
the rest of the teachers? Certainly they'll figure out what's going on. Most
people don't normally just began spitting out all of their darkest secrets for
no reason," James asked. Much to his dismay, he suddenly saw many holes in the
plan.

"Well…Snape's not really a
person, so it's ok!" Sirius said, grasping for a solution. James shook his
head.

"Sorry Sirius, but he's got the
teachers fooled on that one."

"We need a place where there are
no teachers," Angela suggested.

"But there are teachers
everywhere!" Sirius whined. He couldn't believe it! They had finally thought of
the perfect prank and they couldn't carry out their plan. "Where can we go
where there are no teachers, but all students are present?" he asked
hopelessly.

"A Quidditch game," James said
suddenly.

"A what?" Lily asked.

"Quidditch. It's a wizard sport.
The season will be starting in a month or two."

"But I'm sure there are teachers
at Quidditch games." Remus said.

"Yes, but they'll all be too
caught up in the game to notice what's going on."

"So will the students, won't
they?" Angela asked.

"Not if we tell them too keep an
eye out. Or rather an ear out. We can warn the Gryffindors, the Ravenclaws and
the Hufflepuffs. No need to tell the Slytherins, obviously."

"But what if someone tells a
teacher what's going on?" Lily asked.

"We won't tell them what's
going to happen. We'll just tell them that something is going to
happen."

"We can't tell any prefects
either." Remus added.

"How do we get the potion?"
Angela asked. James smiled and looked around the room. They were the only ones
left. It was getting rather late and everyone else had gone to bed

"I know how. I'll be right
back." James rushed up to his dorm room, grabbed something from his trunk and
ran back to the common room.

"What's that?" Sirius asked,
pointing toward the silvery material in James' hand. James grinned.

"I was waiting for the right
time to show this to you guys." He looked around once more to make sure the coast
was clear and draped the material around his shoulders. The others gasped as
they watched the entire bottom half of James disappear.

"What is…?" Sirius began, but
Remus answered his question.

"That's an invisibility cloak!"
he exclaimed. "How did you get that? They don't make those anymore."

"I know. It used to be my
grandfather's, then my father's, now it's mine. What do you think?"

"It's perfect!" Sirius shouted
and the others shushed him. "Now we can pull this off for sure! Why didn't you
show it to us before?"

"Well, I had to make sure you
were all trustworthy, didn't I?" James pulled of the cloak. "Here, you have a
try." He handed the cloak to Sirius, who accepted it excitedly. However, just
as he was about to pull it over his shoulders, Cassandra and Peter reentered
the common room.

"What are you doing back
here?" Sirius asked irritably. Cassandra stuck up her nose.

"Hmph! Hello to you as well! The
librarian wouldn't let us in. she said it was too late and that she would let
us go this time, but we'd better get back to our dorms before someone else
finds us out this late." She was about to go on, when something caught her eye.
"What's that?" She pointed to the cloak in Sirius' hand.

"Nothing of your concern, is
it?" James said huffily and grabbed his cloak back. "Better get to bed don't
you think?"

"Don't you think you ought to as
well?" Cassandra asked. "Don't want to be falling asleep in class…AGAIN!"
Sirius and James looked away.

"Don't you worry about us,"
Angela said, "we have extraordinary stamina." Cassandra glared at them all for
a moment before marching up the stairs to the girls' dormitory and slamming the
door. Peter turned and made his way up to the boys' dormitory. "Honestly! They
don't want to help us anymore, but they want us to tell them everything? Are
they mad?" Lily shrugged.

"I don't see why we have to be
so mean to each other. I mean…they're free to do as they please."

"Yes, but now that they're out
of the group, they have no right to go snooping around in our business."

"People, people, please! Let's
remember the reason we're here," Remus said calmly.

"Remus is right, let's get on
with it." Sirius said.

"Right." Remus began, "Now we
know to get the potion we have to sneak into Craig's office using James'
invisibility cloak. We also know that the best time to use it is during a
Quidditch game. The next question is…how do we get Snape to drink it?"

"We could sneak it into his
drink." Angela suggested.

"But the game will be
outside.  He probably won't be drinking
anything," James said.

"We'll have to give it to him at
dinner." Lily reasoned.

"Will it last long enough then?"

"Hmmmm…I'm not sure, have to
look it up."

"Ok. Now…which Quidditch game do
we do it?"

"The first one I say," Sirius
said, eager to get the plot under way as quickly as possible.

"I don't know…Wouldn't it really
be the best if we did it at the Gryffindor vs. Slytherin game?" Remus
suggested.

"That's brilliant! When is
that?" Angela asked.

"The last game." Sirius' face
fell. He didn't know if he could wait that long.

"It will be worth it," said
James, who had seen the disappointment on Sirius' face.

"So that's it then?" Angela
asked. "Are we all agreed?" They all nodded and slowly, grins crept onto all of
their faces. This was brilliant! The perfect prank. That's what they thought
anyway.

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

A/N: Cassandra begs that you
please don't hate her. She's really not a bad person. She just isn't that
mischievous…yet. Anyway, was it good? What do you think? Please review!

Thanks to…

Rosezgarden-I really appreciate
all the reviews you've left for me. They've really helped. If not for your
encouragement, I'm not sure I would have kept going with the story.
Well…actually I probably still would have, but I wouldn't have gotten nearly as
much satisfaction out of it. Thanks again. BTW, I'm still waiting for updates
on YOUR stories. 

Musicizdbest (Colleen)-I would also like to
thank you because you and rosezgarden are my two most faithful reviewers.
You have helped me out immensely and you deserve recognition. Thank you.

Thanks also to everyone who
reviewed the previous chapters

You are all awesome!
Keep it up!

 

Until Next Time…

Ebony Ice











--------












A/N: Hi! This had to have been
the hardest chapter to write so far. Not because it was really that difficult
of a plot but I've been getting serious writer's block lately. When I first
started this story, I was writing constantly because I just had so many ideas
and I still do, but all for later in the story. I just don't know what to do
with this part. Oh well…fear not! I will overcome this obstacle! 

 

Disclaimer: Story is mine,
characters are not. 

 

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 12- Planning

 

As time went by, the tension grew between
Cassandra and Peter and the rest of the group. At first they seemed to put
their differences of opinion aside and remained friends, but soon, they all
grew apart. James, Remus, Angela, Sirius and Lily spent most of their time
working out their plan against Snape. Cassandra and Peter spent a lot of time
studying and though their marks began improving, they still felt terrible. They
were tired of being left out of everything. 

"We should do it this weekend," Sirius suggested,
impatient as ever. The five schemers were sitting in a circle on grounds of
Hogwarts, trying to figure out when to sneak into Craig's potions storage.

"I can't," Remus said dejectedly.

"Why not?"

"My mum's birthday. It's tradition that we're
always together on that day. Dumbledore gave me special permission to return
home this weekend." The truth was that it had already been nearly a month since
his last transformation and the next full moon just happened to be this
Saturday night. Since last month, Remus had started making up excuses ahead of
time, just to be more efficient.

"That's alright, we shouldn't do it yet
anyway, it's too risky." James said.

"And why is that?"

"Well, Sirius, if we steal the potion
too far ahead of time, then the chances of Craig realizing it's gone before we
get the chance to give it to Snape are increased."

"So…"

"So," James began to get impatient, "if Craig
knows it's gone, then he'll probably search the dormitories, starting with
Gryffindor. We'll be caught for sure."

"Tell me then, when do you suggest we do it?"
Angela asked.

"I don't know. We should wait until at least
after Halloween, that's only a couple of weeks away. I'm sure even Sirius can
wait that long."

"That's a matter of opinion," Sirius grumbled.

"That's perfect!" Remus proclaimed. "We should
do it on Halloween, that way everyone will be too busy to pay attention to us.
Craig will never suspect."

"Don't you think that is still too soon? I
mean, the Qudditch game is still not for a few months. James did say that if we
steal it too soon, we're more likely to get caught." Lily said. Sirius groaned.

"Yes, but we can't wait too long either. What
if we can't get it the first time around? We need time to plan a new raid."

"What if we just waited until Christmas? There
is still quite a bit of commotion and it gives us enough time, should we fail
to get the potion, to try again." Lily suggested.

"No that won't work," James said, "Too risky.
Most people go home for the holidays and if Craig figures out that the potion
is gone, it gives him a much shorter list of suspects. Besides, how many of us
are actually staying at Hogwarts for Christmas? I'm not."

"I am," Remus admitted sadly. He knew he
wasn't wanted at home.

"My mum will probably insist that I come
home." Said Lily.

"I'll probably be stranded here as well,"
Angela said, "I'm sure my parents will be away, again."

"I'm staying," Sirius said determined. He
would much rather stay at Hogwarts than go home. 

"That would be enough people to pull it off."
Angela said.

"Still, with most people gone home, Craig
could easily figure it out." Lily reminded them.

"If he even figures out that the potion is
gone. What are the chances?"

"We could be expelled for this. We need to
think of all possible scenarios."

"Well then! I say we do it on Halloween. Seems
to be the best option." Sirius said happily. He thought the sooner the better.

"Agreed." James replied and looked around.
Remus and Angela nodded their heads. Lily sighed.

"I hope you're right."

"I am," Sirius assured her. She sighed again
and slowly nodded her head.

"Wait a minute, we can't all fit under your
cloak, can we? Who all is going?" Remus asked. 

"I'm going, obviously," James said, "as it's
my cloak."

"I want go!" Sirius cried.

"I'll go as well," Remus added.

"Right then, that should be fine," Angela
said. "Three should get the job done well enough." Except when Sirius Black
is one of the three, she added to herself. "Halloween night, after the
feast."

"Right," James agreed, "But what do we do
about Cassandra and Peter? They've nosey lately. If they figure out what we're
doing, they might go tell a teacher."

"I doubt they would." Angela said, slightly
unsure. "Just in case, Lily and I will keep them distracted."

"Right then! Good plan I think!" Sirius said.
"Halloween night, phase 1 of our plan begins. No turning back then." A surge of
adrenaline ran through them all at these words. They were actually going do it.
Up until now it seemed almost like idle chitchat. Now it was real.

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

A/N: 

Thanks to…

Rosezgarden

Ringwraith9

wildcat

Thanks also to everyone who
reviewed the previous chapters

You are all awesome!
Keep it up!

 

 

 











--------












A/N: Hi! If you haven't read the
5th book, don't read the bottom A/N.

 

Disclaimer: Story is mine,
characters are not. If they were, well, certain events of book 5 would not have
happened. Am I bitter? Yes, yes I am.

 

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 13- Down in the Dungeons

 

The five schemers had everything planned.
Tonight was Halloween, THE night. At the feast they were all so
eager that they hurried through their meal faster than was really necessary and
ran up to the common room. 

"So we all know what we're
doing?" Lily asked.

"Yes, Lily," Angela moaned,
"We've been over this a million times. I think we're all completely aware of
the plan."

"Don't worry," James said
reassuringly, "everything will be just fine. We've been planning this for a
month now. As long as we all do our part, it ought to go along smoothly." Lily
groaned.

"Don't say that. Now we're
doomed, you know. Jinxed, that's what we are." She put her head in her hands
hopelessly.

"Lily, Lily Lily…" Sirius put
his arm around her shoulder playfully. "You worry too much! Don't you know,
what James says goes? If he says the plan is foolproof, then it's practically a
law of nature."  Lily snorted and lifted
her head.

"Watch it. That kind of talk
will go to his head," Angela warned. This comment however went basically
unnoticed by everyone. They all began to settle deep into thoughts of what they
were about to do.

            Gryffindors
slowly began returning from the feast. The common room soon grew very noisy and
hardly anyone noticed the 5 first years, each sitting quietly in armchairs.
They would use this lack of acknowledgment to their advantage and slip out
quietly.

            "Well,
then. Let's get on with it, shall we?" James stood, grabbed his bag, which they
planned to put the potion in once they got a hold of it, and began walking out
of the common room, Sirius and Remus followed.

            "Good
luck!" Angela said quietly.

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

"Students are not allowed to be
out of their common rooms this late. You'll be in a great deal of trouble if
you're caught." Said the Fat Lady as the boys climbed out of the portrait hole.

"Well then, all the more reason
not to get caught, I'd say." Sirius responded.

When the boys were sure they
were alone, they huddled together and draped the invisibility cloak over their
bodies.

"Ready?" James asked.

"Yes you stupid prat! Now let's
go!" Sirius said impatiently.

They slowly made their way down
the stairs to Professor Craig's office. So far they had no troubles, but the
tension and apprehension was thick in the air. If they were caught…well, they
didn't like to think about what would happen then.

Once they made it down to the
dungeons, they decided to take off the cloak, most everyone was upstairs anyway
and the dungeon are much harder to maneuver in. They stopped and took a good
look around. The dungeons seemed to split into three different directions and
who knows how many more time it split off after that.

"Soooo…" Sirius whispered,
"Where exactly is Craig's office?"

"Er…I'm not sure." James
admitted.

"Bloody school! Can't find a
rat's ass in this place!" Sirius began ranting.

"Let's go this way." Remus
suggested, pointing to the right.

"They should have signs like
Muggles posted in every corridor." James and Remus walked silently, Sirius on
the other hand continued his tangent. "Or maybe those maps that say, 'you are
here', with the dots wherever you are. Or they could also…" James and Remus
quickly pulled Sirius to the ground and covered his mouth. Sirius struggled
against them, but to no avail.

"Sshhh! Someone's coming!" James
whispered and Sirius stopped moving. They could hear two sets of footsteps
coming toward them and the vague sounds of conversation. The boys quickly
scrambled to get under the Invisibility Cloak. The voices were becoming clearer
and they could now listen to the conversation.

"The Headmaster must really be
going mad." It was the voice of Professor Craig. James also recognized the
other man as the caretaker, Filch. "Letting that boy attend Hogwarts as
if he were a normal student! It's dangerous!" Remus' breath caught in his
throat. He knew exactly who they were talking about.

"Dumbledore is too soft!" Said
Filch. "He feels sorry for these…these creatures!"

"If the students found out…if
the parents found out what Dumbledore let in to this school, he would be
sacked! All of Hogwarts would be put under scrutiny. It was a reckless action
at best!" The footsteps began to get fainter and the conversation disappeared
as Craig and Filch passed the hidden students. Remus let out the breath that he
hadn't realized he was holding. That was close, too close.

"What do you suppose that was
all about?" Sirius asked

"I don't know." James answered
truthfully. Remus simply stayed silent. "Let's go." James said when he was sure
that the coast was clear. This time however, they kept the cloak on. They
didn't need another close call.

They soon learned that the
dungeons were much like a large maze. They found many doors, but none seemed to
lead to Craig's office.

"How about this one?" Sirius
asked, reaching out of the cloak for the doorknob. He turned the knob and the
door flew open. They were then bombarded with snowflakes. "What the…" Sirius
began, but was cut off by a loud roar. He quickly reached for the door and
slammed it shut. "I don't think that was it."

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

Meanwhile, Cassandra and Peter had returned to the
common room and Angela and Lily were trying to keep them busy.

"So I told him that he could go
eat dung for all I care. I mean, who does he think he is anyway?" Angela fumed.
She was telling the others about her and Sirius' most recent tiff. Well,
actually, it hadn't really happened, but she had to tell them something.
Cassandra and Peter didn't seem fascinated, but at least they were being
distracted.

"Is that why Sirius, James and
Remus aren't joining us tonight?" Cassandra asked. Perhaps they weren't
completely distracted.

"Who needs them?" Angela went
on, " You know, Sirius is just being a big dumb prat and James isn't much
better. Remus didn't exactly stick up for me either now that I think of it."
She hoped that they got back soon. If she kept venting like this, she might
actually start believing that she was mad.

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

Back in the dungeons, James,
Sirius and Remus were not having much luck with their task. They had no idea
how big the dungeons really were, or how many odd and seemingly useless rooms
there were. They had found a room, which looked suspiciously like a torture
chamber, and was filled with ghosts, a room with tons of weird looking hour
glasses and a room with at least fifty paintings of headless men, many of whom
looked as though they had misplaced their heads and were stumbling around in
search of them.

"I can't stand this anymore!"
James ripped the cloak off their heads. They all looked hot and tired from
running around with the cloak over them. James took the cloak and shoved it in
his bag.

"This has to be it." Sirius said
pointing to the last door before they reached a dead end. "This is the last
door."

"The last door in this part of
the dungeons." Remus corrected. "There are still more rooms in the other
direction. I doubt that Craig's office would be this out of the way."

"Only one way to find out."
James said and turned the handle. At first the room seemed dark and silent.
They couldn't see a single thing inside. But then…

"AAAAAAAHHHHHHH!" Came a loud
piercing scream from inside the room. The boys quickly scrambled to shut the
door and the screaming stopped.

"RUN!" James yelled and they
went as fast as they could. Someone was bound to have heard that, in fact, they
would be lucky if they whole school hadn't heard that. They had no choice but
to abandon the mission and get back to the common room. They made it to the
stairs, if they could just get up the stairs, they might be fine.

"Gentlemen!" The boys were
stopped by none other than Craig himself. For one brief and desperate moment,
they considered just running, but it would be no help. Craig was bound to have
recognized them. "Just what do you think you are doing?"

"Er…we were just…uh…heading back
to our common room, sir" James said weakly. This only seemed to fuel the
Potions Masters anger.

"Follow me." Craig ordered. He
turned and went down to the left of the stairs. He led them to the second door
to the right in the hallway. He quickly muttered something under his breath and
unlocked the door. "In." he said. They obeyed and found that he had led them to
his office. They should have known, it was right next to their Potions
classroom. If only they had started in this direction first… "Sit." Craig
ordered. There appeared to be only two chairs, James set his bag on the floor
and sat in the first chair and Sirius sat next to him. Remus stood on the other
side of Sirius. Craig walked around to the other side of his desk and faced
them. "Now, you shall now leave this room until I have the truth. What were you
doing down here at this time of night?" He demanded.

"We were just…er…looking around
a bit. You know, we're still kind of new and we thought we would…explore our
surroundings a bit." Remus explained as convincingly as he could.

"Explore? Don't you think that
exploring would be better left to the day, when students are permitted out of their
common rooms?"

"Well, we weren't aware that it
was really…against the rules, sir, just frowned upon, so to speak." James lied.

"Well, you must be very poor
listeners indeed. I happen to recall the Headmasters beginning of the year
speech pointing out that specific rule."

"With so much excitement, we
couldn't really…"

"And…I am sure as the Head of
Gryffindor, Professor McGonagall had mentioned this rule many times."

"She goes on about so many
rules, it's hard to…"

"Even if it were only frowned
upon, common sense should tell you that it was not a good idea."

"I always said that common sense
was in the eye of the beholder…"

"Why not save yourselves the
trouble and simply explore during permitted times?"

"It's always so crowded then…"

"Unless perhaps, your exploration
was a bit less…innocent shall we say? Perhaps you were searching for the
Slytherin common room? Planning to plant some dung bombs? Hhhmmmm?" Craig
accused. Remus was growing impatient. Craig obviously didn't know their real
purpose for being down in the dungeons and so even if he punished them, their
plan was not ruined. He just wished Craig would get to the point. Slowly,
Remus' eyes began to wander. He studied the walls behind Craig. Not
surprisingly, there were shelves and shelves of various labeled potions and
ingredients. Some of them Remus recognized, most he did not. Iris potion,
Shrinking Potion, Veritaserum…Veritaserum. Remus gasped.

"Is there a problem Mr. Lupin?"
Remus thought swiftly and quickly pushed a quill out of his pocket.

"Er…no, sir. I just dropped
something." Remus bent down so that Craig couldn't see him. Both Sirius and
James looked down curiously and Remus. Remus mouthed to them Veritaserum and
jerked his head toward the shelf. He quickly picked up his quill and stood. Craig
eyed him suspiciously, but did not comment on it.

"At any rate, I am feeling
generous tonight and I shall let you go detention-free." Remus looked over at
James and Sirius, both seemed to have seen the Veritaserum now. They were so
close! Now they knew where Craig's office was, but he obviously locked it,
presumably with magic. How would they ever get back in? "But," Craig
said pointedly, snapping Remus out of his thoughts, "I shall take ten points
from you all and warn you that next time I will not be so gracious." There was
a moment of silence and then…

"Ten points each! That's not
fair!" Sirius protested, suddenly jumping out of his seat. Craig looked
shocked; he obviously thought that this was a very generous punishment. James
and Remus too were looking at Sirius, completely stunned. Was Sirius trying to
make things worse? They had gotten off easy! Then, a light bulb seemed to go
off in James' head. He tried to convey his thoughts to Remus by pointing to the
potions shelf. Remus caught on quickly and nodded.

"You would be wise to hold you
tongue!" Craig said dangerously.

"But we didn't do anything
wrong!" James was now on his feet as well.

"Mr. Potter, I have handed out
far greater punishments for much lesser crimes. If I were you…"

"Well, let's just be thankful
you're not! I would hate to be so cruel and unreasonable!" Craig's eyes were
nearly popping out of their sockets. He stepped out from behind the desk and
faced James directly. Remus ceased this opportunity and slowly made his way
around Craig's desk. Craig was so angry with James and Sirius he didn't even
notice Remus' actions.

"Yeah, I remember being
subjected to one of those cruel and unusual punishments!" Sirius jumped in.

"I will not be spoken to in this
manner!"

"Too late!" James said. Remus backed
up toward the shelves as quietly as he could. "Maybe if you weren't such a
bloody git all the time…" James could not finish, he saw Remus reach for the
potion and nearly knock down half the shelf. Craig seemed not to notice.

"I'm warning you!" Craig said.
His face was now so red that it resembled a ripe tomato. He could hardly
believe that students, first years at that, would dare talk to him like that.
Remus grabbed the small bottle of Veritaserum and pocketed it.

"Ooohh! I'm terrified!" Sirius
said sarcastically, giving Remus the chance to slip back from behind the desk
before Craig shouted...

"Detention! All of you!" They
groaned. "For an entire week!"

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

They were sent back to the Gryffindor
common room very tired and somewhat disappointed. It hadn't gone quite as
smoothly as they had hoped. On the other hand, they had succeeded.

Upon entering the common room,
they had found that most people had already gone to bed. However, Lily, Angela,
Cassandra and Peter were still up and chatting. When they caught sight of
James, Remus and Sirius they fell silent. Angela got up quickly and slapped
Sirius in the face. She figured that this would add to her angry performance.

"That's for calling me a silly,
brainless prat of a girl!" She said and stalked away, up to the girls'
dormitories. Sirius watched her go, utterly shocked.

"What was that for?" Sirius
looked to Lily for an answer.

"I'll tell you later." She
muttered.

"Well, I'm rather tired. I think
I'll be getting to bed." Cassandra said anxiously.

"Me too." Peter said. They both
trudged exhaustedly to their separate dormitories. When they were out of sight,
Lily turned back to the boys.

"Did you get it?" She asked
quietly. They nodded and smiled.

Phase one was now complete.

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

A/N: If you have not read book
5, don't read this A/N. I decided to continue the story as it is, at least for
now. I may decide to change Sirius' parents into wizards later, depending on
how far I want to take this story. Right now it doesn't present much of a
problem. If I should take this story on, past MWPP's Hogwarts years and into
Harry's Hogwarts years (I know, I know, I've been having trouble with updates
and I'm only on year one. How am I going to get that far with this story? I'm
trying honestly!) I have absolutely no intention of killing off Sirius. I
refuse. At any rate, I hope you all liked this chapter. Please review!

Thanks to…

Someone- I would like to thank you, because
not only did you help me decide whether or not I should continue, but you also
advised me to beat my writers block with a stick. That is my new motto towards
writers block (you will always have the credit of course)

Allie- I would also like to thank you for
helping my decision. It means a lot

Ringwraith9- Don't worry Snape will get
exactly what he deserves. Though, I must admit that I'm feeling a bit soft
toward him since the 5th book

Kanoba829- I'll definitely have plenty of
Remus in this story. (He and Sirius are my favorite characters)

Love Struck Productions- Sir Snarfleblat huh?
Intriguing. Right now I don't have any use for him, but later maybe…we'll see. 

Wydinel Sheergale- I'm glad you've liked the
story so far! I hope you liked this chapter, too!

 

 

Thanks also to everyone who
reviewed the previous chapters

You are all awesome!
Keep it up!

 

Until Next Time…

Ebony Ice

 











--------












A/N: I've discovered that I have
a very difficult time with writing the beginning of chapters, but once I get
them started it gets easier. So…now when I get writers block, I'm just going to
force myself to begin a chapter and then hopefully the rest will just come to
me.  

 

Disclaimer: My plot. That's about
it.

 

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER
14- Quidditch

 

The next step in their devious plot was to
plan for the day they would actually give Snape the Veritaserum. How would they
get Snape to drink it? Would they be able to get to Snape during the Quidditch
game? What would they ask him? How long would the potion last?

The best way to get an answer to some of these
questions was to scope out an actual Quidditch game. Sirius, James, Angela and
Lily were all sitting in the stands at the first game of the year, Gryffindor
vs. Ravenclaw, trying to work out the bugs in their plan. Remus' grandmother
had died a few days prior and so he to go to the funeral and could not be
there.

"Ravenclaw Chaser Sandy Conner passes the
Quaffle to Jenkins. Jenkins speeds down the field…" a Hufflpuff 6th
year was announcing.

"It won't be easy to get to Snape." James
explained quietly. "Our Houses sit in completely different sections. If any of
us sneak over to the Slytherin side, it will look suspicious."

"Not to mention that the Slytherins would
certainly kick us out before we had a chance to say even one word to Snape."
Sirius added.

"Superb save by the Gryffindor keeper!"

"We could lure him to our side." Angela
suggested.

"How? We're not exactly in a position to ask
him if he would kindly join us on the Gryffindor side."

"We could pretend to have something he wants.
Or we could provoke him into coming after us." James suggested.

"Watch out for that Bludger!" The crowd made a
collective noise of pain as a Ravenclaw chaser, apparently not hearing the
announcers warning, was hit hard with a Bludger.

"What could that slimy git want from us?"
asked Sirius, ignoring the action going on around them. "If we provoke him he
would probably bring some of his Slytherin buddies."

"Snape doesn't have any buddies. We have to
get him over here somehow, don't we?" James said.

"We have to get him over here immediately as
the game starts. The potion will only last so long." Lily reminded them.

"We could just grab him on the we out to the
Quidditch pitch. Pull him to where he needs to be."

"JENKINS SCORES! Ravenclaw pulls ahead twenty
to ten."

"He would try to fight us off. The teachers
are bound to notice us carrying Snape, kicking and screaming." Angela said
glumly. This was getting to be much tougher than it was worth.

"We could engage him in a little…er…friendly
conversation, so to speak." Sirius grinned and Lily looked at him
questioningly.

"Friendly conversation? What do you mean by
friendly?" She asked.

"Oh you know, just have little fun with him.
Exchange a few insults, trying to come up with a good retort, he'll be
distracted and simply follow us. Then when we have him where we want him,
surrounded by the other students, we'll start asking him the good questions."

"Hey, Dogboy has a good idea for once." Sirius
glared at Angela, who went on as if she didn't notice. "If we do it that way,
surely we'll get to him before the potion runs out. And there will still
be a lot of commotion so the professors won't know what's going on."

"The Ravenclaw blocks. Wait…Steven Barnes the
Gryffindor Seeker is diving has he found the Snitch?"

"I don't know," James said skeptically, "That
plan depends a lot on Snape following us. What if he doesn't? We'll have gone
through all this trouble for nothing."

"What other choice to we have?" James
shrugged.

"Barnes reaches…almost there…"

"Are we agreed?" Sirius asked. The others
nodded.

"BARNES CAUGHT THE SNITCH! What a catch!
Gryffindor wins!" The Gryffindors went wild, yelling and cheering could
probably be heard for miles. James, Sirius, Angela and Lily took a moment to
finally realize what was going on and joined in on the celebrating.

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

A/N: I'm not very good at the
whole Quidditch announcing thing so bear with me. I know this chapter is kind
of short. You see the problem is that I have many of the events of this story,
all the way past 7th year, already planned out in my mind, but there
are a lot of places where I have to fill in the blanks to make it more
plausible. This chapter is one of those fill in the blank chapters. Anyway, I
hope you liked it. Please Review!

Thanks to…

Someone- Thank you for
reviewing! I got that whole bookworm vibe from Remus, too, maybe it's because
I've read so many stories where he has been a bookworm. But, if hadn't been
stealing the potion, he would have had to help create the distraction, namely
yelling at the Professor. I had a hard time seeing our young Lupin actually shouting
at a professor, so he had to be the one to take the potion. I also think that
sometimes people underestimate him, myself especially. He was after all, a
Marauder. I fully intend to explore the many sides of Remus Lupin. ;-)

 

 

Thanks also to everyone who
reviewed the previous chapters

You are all awesome!
Keep it up!

 

Until Next Time…

Ebony Ice

 

 











--------












A/N: I'm sorry that I'm taking
so long to update this story, but things have been a little hectic the past few
months. Anyway, I made it my New Year's Resolution to finish this story before
2005 rolls around. I have the next 2 ½ chapters written and all I have to do is
type them up and revise a little bit. This chapter is very short, but it does
have a purpose, I promise!

 

Disclaimer: I think you know by
now.

 

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER
15- Remus Returns

 

"Remus!" Angela said as she stepped through
the portrait hole into the nearly empty Gryffindor common room. Remus, who had
been lying awkwardly in an armchair, raised his head with great effort. "When
did you get back?"

"Just a little bit ago. Where is everyone
else?"

"They're down in the Great Hall celebrating.
Gryffindor won." Remus plopped his head back down and Angela looked at him
worriedly. "You don't look so good Remus. What's the matter?"

"Er…I'm just a little tired I guess."

"Liar." Remus raised his head immediately. She
couldn't know… "You're upset about your grandmother, aren't you?" Remus
sighed and laid down his head.

"Yeah." Truth be told, Remus' grandmother had
died years ago, he had never even met her. He felt bad about lying, but what
choice did he have? Angela sat down in the chair next to him.

"I'm sorry Remus." Remus felt guilt rush over
him. He was lying through his teeth to her and everyone else and she felt sorry
for him.

"So why aren't you down stairs celebrating?"
Remus asked, changing the subject.

"I'm kind of tired and I just wanted to kind
of sit down and relax for a few minutes before everyone comes back." They sat
in silence for a moment, neither knowing what to say. They hadn't never really
spent any time alone together and so it was a bit awkward for them both. Remus'
mind began to wander, but Angela took a good look at Remus and was almost
panicked by what she saw. He looked worn down and she could scratches on the
side of his face, like an animal had attacked him.

"Remus, do you have a dog?" Remus looked up
bewildered, he hadn't been expecting that.

"Er…"

"REMUS, old boy! You're back!" Sirius shouted
as he stepped through the portrait hole followed by clumps of other
Gryffindors.

"Hello Sirius." Remus smiled, relieved.

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

A/N: I think I'm still upset
about Book 5 and I am actually beginning to repress it.

Thanks to…

 

I give it all to Mr. Black

 

Someone

 

Thanks also to everyone who
reviewed the previous chapters

You are all awesome!
Keep it up!

 

Until Next Time…

Ebony Ice

 











--------












A/N: Here's the next chapter!
Yay! Unfortunately, I back to school tomorrow and might yet again become busy.
I know, I know, I just had a whole vacation to write and I didn't do a whole
lot, but hey, what can you do?

 

Disclaimer: Oh the things that
would be different if I were in charge.

 

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER
16-Breakfast Interrogations

 

Over the next week Angela watched Remus very
closely and he did show some signs of improvement, though they were very
slight.  Angela began to really worry about
him, what was wrong with him? Was he always like this? She couldn't tell
anymore, she had never paid that close attention to him. She felt bad about
admitting that but it was true. What kind of friend was she?

Angela decided that she couldn't be the only
one to have noticed Remus' strange behavior; she decided to get another
opinion.

"Good morning, James. Sirius." She greeted as
she sat down for breakfast across from them. James and Sirius were the only two
up yet.

She waited for a moment to begin her
questioning, while she quickly piled some eggs and sausage on her plate. Then,
she carefully and quietly began.

"Have either of you noticed how, well, ill
Remus always looks? Lately, I mean." 
James and Sirius looked at each other and shrugged. "Oh come now, you
have to have noticed."

"Well," James answered, "I suppose now that
you mention it, he does seem a bit under the weather."

"Don't you find it a bit odd?"

"No," Sirius answered rather loudly, "Some
people are just like that, you know, sickly." He then shoved a piece of toast
in his mouth.

"Still, it just doesn't seem right. I mean, I
thought back on it and…doesn't it seem like every time he starts to get a bit
better, he suddenly gets worse? And then…" she cut off, not sure if she should
tell them about the scratches, she knew that they had probably seen them, but
she suddenly felt stupid for even worrying about it.

"What?" James asked. Angela took a deep
breath.

"It's just that…when he came home from his
grandmother's funeral he looked…" she shuddered, "…awful."

"Give him a break why don't you? His grams did
just die, didn't she?" Sirius said.

"Yeah, but it's not just that…those
scratches…you must have seen them." Sirius snorted.

"Maybe he has a cat. Maybe his grandma has a
cat. Maybe she beat the cat and so it's mean. Maybe it's enchanted by her
spirit, come back all angry over being dead. Maybe…"

"Alright, I get the picture!" Angela said
cutting him off.

"Look, the point is…"

"You have a point?" James snickered.

"That's a first." Angela added.

"Yes, I have a point! Now to get on with
it…the point is that you really have no idea what could have happened. It could
be a fairly simple thing."

"Like his grandmother came back from the dead,
reincarnated into her cat just to scratch Remus' face?"

"The point was…"

"There he goes again!" Sirius ignored James
and kept going.

"…that it was probably from a pet of some
sort, no need to worry." Angela nodded.

"It just seems…off, somehow." She said.

"Here's your chance to ask him." James said
looking over Angela's shoulder. Remus and Lily walked over to the Gryffindor
table and took a seat on either side of Angela. The group was quiet for a
moment and then Sirius cleared his throat to cue Angela.

"Errr…Remus, can I, we, ask you something?"
Remus lowered his fork and lent his attention. Somehow he had a feeling this
was not going to be good. "We were just wondering…"

"She wants to know what's the matter with you
Remus." Sirius said, he had no patience for beating around the bush. Students
around them stopped eating for a moment and stared at them. Sirius seemed not
to notice, but Remus grew a shade or two paler as the group stared at him.
Angela noticed this and when everyone when back to their business she tried to
explain a bit better.

"It's just that you look a little ill lately,
well, actually, it's not just lately. And those scratches…what happened?" Remus
didn't know what to say, he should have been expecting this.

"The scratches are from my cat, it never
really liked me much." Sirius shot Angela a superior look. "Also, you're right,
I haven't been feeling that well. In fact, I think I need to go…lie down for a
bit." Remus got up from the table, breakfast barely touched and hurried away.
This satisfied most of their curiosities, but Angela still wasn't convinced. She
couldn't explain it; Remus' story was fine…it was just a feeling. She wouldn't
drop it, couldn't drop it. For now she would give him peace, but this wasn't
over, not by a long shot.

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

 

A/N: I know it's a little short,
but this is as long as it needed to be. Don't worry the next one will be
longer…I think. Well, see I have the next chapter and a half basically written
and it's interesting because they can actually be flipped chronologically. One
revolves around Remus, Sirius, James, Lily and Angela, the other around
Cassandra and Peter. It really doesn't matter which one comes first. So I don't
know which one you guys are going to get next. In other words, I don't know how
long the next chapter will be. J Anyway,
Please review!

Thanks to…

 

remluvr- I'm glad you've enjoyed
it so far. I hope you liked this chapter!

 

 

Thanks also to everyone who
reviewed the previous chapters

You are all awesome!
Keep it up!

 

Until Next Time…

Ebony Ice

 











--------












A/N: My computer erased this chapter and the next
chapter. I was not amused. Actually it encoded them, you know, with those
little blank box things that show up in the place of letters. Anyway, I tried
everything to recover the chapters, but alas, it was to no avail. Oh well…stuff
happens. For the record, I'm not very good with accents, so if Hagrid's seems a
little off, sorry J 

Disclaimer: Still not mine. 

The
Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 17- Sessions with Hagrid 

One
might wonder what ever happened to Cassandra and Peter. To be honest, they
spent most of their time studying, which certainly helped their grades.
Unfortunately, it did little to stimulate their sense of fun. 

However,
no matter what happened, Cassandra refused to have anything to do with the
Snape prank, she didn't even want to hear about it. At least she still had
Peter; at least she wasn't completely alone.

Besides
studying, they also went to visit Hagrid from time to time, at least that was
never boring.

"Hagrid,
why don't you just get yourself a normal pet?" Cassandra asked angrily.
She Peter and Hagrid had just spent the past fifteen minutes chasing some sort
of pixies around after Hagrid had unleashed them on his hut.

"They're
not pets exactly," Hagrid grumbled, as he tried to keep his eye on one of the
pixies, " Besides, what d'you call normal?"

"Probably
things that don't tear down your house," Peter said, ducking as one flew right
over his head, "Or decapitate you."

"They're
not tryn' ter hurt you, it's jus' their nature."

"My
point exactly!" Cassandra said as she dived for one of the pixies, catching it,
but falling over a chair in the process. 

"Are
you alright, Cassie?" Peter asked. She mumbled a sarcastic 'wonderful' as she
picked herself up and threw the pixie back in it's cage.

"Maybe
you could get something with a…gentler nature." Cassandra said.

"Where's
the fun in that?" Hagrid asked. He had nearly caught up to the last pixie, he
reached and…CRASH! He and Peter collided. Hagrid was merely surprised, but
Peter was knock onto the floor. Luckily, Cassandra wasn't far away and was able
to catch the pixie as it had stopped to giggle at Hagrid and Peter.

After
putting the pixies away, the three sat themselves down anywhere they could in
the wreckage once know as Hagrid's hut.

"Sooo…what
seems ter be the trouble Cassandra? Yer a bit more agitated than usual." Hagrid
asked.

"Nothing's
wrong with me, I'm just not partial to running around after pixies."

"She's
mad at those kids we told you about." Peter said at the same time.

"Oh…"
Hagrid said, "What have they done ter you now?" Cassandra stuck up her nose.

"Nothing,
they're just immature, like always!"

"They
don't talk to us anymore." Peter said.

"Too
busy with their little pr…project." Cassandra added, stopping herself before
she said 'prank'. They hadn't told Hagrid what exactly James and the gang were
up to; they would probably be in a lot of trouble if anyone found out.

"I
thought you said you didn't want ter be part of their project."

"Well…I
don't, but that doesn't mean we have to stop talking to each other does it. I
mean what are we supposed do while they're off doing…whatever it is they do?"

"You
could make new friends." Hagrid suggested.

"Hagrid,
they're the only other Gryffindors in our year. They're the only ones we really
spend anytime with at all." Cassandra crossed her arms over her chest.
"Besides, it's a little late to make new friends."

"That's
a load a cadswallop an' you know it!" Hagrid said forcefully. "It's never to
late ter make new friends." Cassandra begged to differ.

"Look,
everyone's already in their little 'cliques' now. I thought I had found my
group, but I was wrong, so what's the point in looking for a new one? They're
all the same." Hagrid gave her a stern look.

"Well,
that's your choice then, not this 'James Potter's'." Cassandra glared at him.
She knew he was right, she was being stubborn. She didn't have friends because
she chose not to. Somewhere in the back of her mind a voice kept telling her,
no friends, no trouble. It sounded suspiciously like her grams. Hagrid slapped
his hands together, signaling an end to the conversation.

"So! Who's up for some rock cakes?" Peter and Cassandra
groaned. 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

A/N:
I think I'm losing my mind, I had to write this chapter twice and both times I
tried spelling 'wonder' as 'oneder'. Fun stuff. Anyway, I hope you liked it!
Please review!

Thanks
also to everyone who reviewed the previous chapters

You
are all awesome! Keep it up! 

 











--------












A/N: I have no idea if the English even sing Jingle
Bells. I was shocked to hear Hermione say 'happy' Christmas rather than
'merry'. Shows how much I know about other countries. L Oh
well. 

Disclaimer: STILL not mine. 

The
Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 18- Trouble in Paradise 

Christmas
was still almost a whole month away, but all the students were beginning to get
anxious anyway. The air was full of excitement around Hogwarts. Probably in
part thanks to Sirius' constant rendition of Jingle Bells. Almost everywhere
you went there was someone yelling him to stop all that racket and that it was
too early for carols. However, for the most part these reprimanding shouts were
more habitual than angry, in general people were in a fairly good mood.
Besides, it was never a full day if Sirius hadn't gotten yelled at for something.

Even
Remus, who had been a little paranoid, was in a particularly relaxed mood. His
birthday had come and left and to his surprise, he actually enjoyed it. He had
never had a truly good birthday before. He told everyone to not even bother
with it, but of course, they didn't listen. They had a mini party for him in
the boys' dormitories (Angela and Lily snuck in) with plenty of candy and
cauldron cakes provided by James and Sirius. Remus didn't know where they came
from and he didn't ask, but he had a sneaking suspicion that they were swiped
from a couple of 3rd years. Even Peter and Cassandra wished him a
happy birthday; he hadn't seen much of them lately.

Angela,
however, was the most insistent on Remus having a good birthday. In fact, she
had been a lot friendlier and attentive to him lately. He didn't really mind,
she was a lot of fun to be around, it was just…weird. In fact that is probably
where his paranoia came from, that and her interrogations of him. 

The
rest of the group didn't seem to notice this change, they were to busy with
constant pranks. Snape was no longer their main focus; they were saving the big
prank for him. Now their pranks were focused on the Slytherins as a whole. The
Slytherins couldn't even keep up with the dung bombs, you could now literally smell
when a Slytherin was near. It made for a great joke between the other three
houses. As for 'the BIG prank', all the particulars had been worked out, now
all they had to do was wait.

All
in all, thing were going pretty well for the group. That is until one Potions
class…

Professor
Craig walked swiftly in with an air of anger, not just anger but fury, a silent
rage. The class was immediately silenced.

"I'm
sure…" Craig spoke quietly, but deadly, "…that I do not need to express to any
of you the grave consequences of theft." Nervous whispering broke out among the
students.

"SILENCE!"
He looked as if he was only barely able to hold his temper.

"I
have had a very advanced, very dangerous potion stolen from my private
supply." James and Sirius shot each other 'oh-uh' looks and quickly turned back
to Craig. This look went unnoticed by the teacher, but not by Cassandra. "I
know it was a student or more likely a group of students who took it. I present
this to all my classes in hopes that there is some honesty left at this school.
I suggest that if ANY of you have information about this terrible crime, you
report it immediately because I will find out and if I have to seek out the guilty
party, the punishment will be ten times worse. I will give you time to come
forward, but not much. If no one has confessed by Monday of next week, I shall
begin to search dormitories. In the meantime, there will be no parcels sent out
by students nor given to students unchecked!" He looked around, as if to scare
them a bit more. "Are we clear?" Some students nodded their heads, most just
stayed still. "I said, ARE WE CLEAR!"

"Yes,
Professor." The class answered, quickly this time.

"Do
you reckon he knows it was us?" Lily asked quietly once they had settled in a
corner of the Gryffindor common room.

"If
he knew we'd be gone already." Remus answered tiredly. No more smooth sailing
he supposed.

"Not
if he wanted to toy with us. Make us suffer before he expels us." James said.

"I
wouldn't put it past Craig." Sirius said irritably.

"So
it was you then." The group turned around to find Cassandra glaring at them
with Peter right behind her. "I had my suspicions, but until just now I wasn't
sure."

"Sshhhh!
Do you want to get us expelled?" Sirius asked angrily.

"Well,
it' not as if you're being that discreet about it. I mean I was able to walk
right up to you and listen to your conversation, unnoticed."

"She
right," Remus agreed, "we really should be more careful."

"So
it is true then?" Cassandra said, a bit lower this time.

"You
can't tell anyone! We would be in so much trouble if you did!" James said
hurriedly.

"It's
your own fault thought, isn't it?" Peter jumped in, "I mean you took it. And
Professor Craig said it was dangerous!"

"It's
not that dangerous, it's just a truth potion!" Lily replied.

"Lily!"
James said angrily.

"What?"
James just rolled his eyes.

"You're
not going to tell on us, are you?" Remus asked. Craig already hated him, he
didn't need more reason.

"I
don't know," Cassandra replied.

"You
can't!" James cried.

"Well,
I don't like what you're doing. Then again, I don't want you to get in
trouble."

"So
just pretend that you don't know anything." Angela said simply. "Best all
around really."

"Yeah,
what you don't know can't hurt us." Sirius added, "Or something like that." He
tapered off and then got lost in thought and Angela just shook her head amazed
by Sirius' complete lack of attention span.

"I've
got to go. Coming Peter?" Cassandra and Peter stalked out of the common room.
Lily sighed.

"Let's
face it, even if they don't tell anyone, Craig is going figure it out."

"Yeah,
he's going to search our dormitories." Remus added wearily.

"Well,
we'll just have to speed up our time table, won't we?" Sirius said. He didn't
seem too bothered by this idea.

"But
what about all our plans, we worked so hard!" James whined.

"Oh
please!" Lily exclaimed. "All we did was sit around and talk about it. Not that
hard."

"Well,
it seemed like a lot of work!"

"And
if we want to do this prank, we have to do it before Monday." Angela
added. 

"When?"
Remus asked quietly.

"It
has to be this weekend." Angela replied.

"How? There's no Quidditch. What do you suggest us
do? Prank in the middle of the Great Hall?" James asked sarcastically. The
others looked at him and he raised an eyebrow. The Great Hall? 

 

Cassandra
couldn't believe them! "One would think that if they wanted us to keep their
secret, they would be a little nicer!" she said to Peter.

"I
didn't think they were being mean."

"Not mean, just rude!" Peter shrugged. Cassandra
sighed. What could she do? What if Craig found out that she knew about this and
she was expelled? Her grams would kill her! She couldn't turn them in though,
could she? 

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

A/N:
I'm watching Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone right now. I flipped on HBO
and there it was, I couldn't resist. I didn't really like the movies though. I
mean they were good movies to be sure, but they just can't beat the books and
so in that way, they're a little disappointing. Plus, with books you have a bit
more freedom of imagination, the movies kind of drain that imagination because
they're all someone else's vision. At any rate, I'll stop my little tangent.
Please review!

Thanks
also to everyone who reviewed the previous chapters

You are all awesome! Keep it up! 

 

 











--------












A/N: I feel very, very sick.
Not good. Anyway, please read and review. Above all I hope you enjoy! 

Disclaimer: I do not own any
part of Harry Potter, it's characters, places, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. 

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 19-Paranoia 

As the weekend drew closer, the young pranksters
quickly grew uneasy. Craig was crankier than usual and Cassandra kept eying
them as if still trying to make up her mind. And even though they now had a new
plan for the prank, it was still far more risky than the last and it is likely
that their guilt would be slightly more conspicuous. They were in a lot of
trouble and there was no way out.

They became suspicious of everyone and everything.
They were constantly glimpsing around while talking to each other, even when
the conversation had nothing to do with the prank. Most unfortunately they had
decided to put their other pranks on pause and trying to remain on their best
behavior to avoid arousing any suspicions. Unfortunately, this was not their
normal conduct and so it brought on even more suspicions. Professor McGonagall
had even suggested to Sirius that he ought to see Madam Pomfrey after he held a
door for her.

"We can't go on like this much longer!" Sirius
complained. He was sitting with James and Remus in the common room.

"We have no choice," Remus said, glancing around to
make sure no one was around, "One wrong move and we're dead!"

"But it's so boring being good! Can't we
just play one prank?"

"NO!" James and Remus shouted.

"But…" Sirius was silenced when the door to the
common room opened, but no one came through. "Who's there?" Sirius asked. The
door slammed shut again.

"Who do you think it is you big dolt!" said Angela
as she removed James' Invisibility Cloak from her and Lily. Sirius shot her a
nasty look.

"What did you find out?" Remus asked.

"Nothing, I don't think they're going to tell."
Lily answered. They had been taking turns following Cassandra and Peter around,
trying to find out whether they were going to tell Craig or not. A bit
intrusive, yes, but in their minds, necessary. "If they haven't gone to him
yet, I don't think they will."

"But do you know for sure?" James asked.

"Well, not for sure," Lily answered, "but…I think
we should just stop. I don't feel right about following them around all the
time."

"Yeah, besides it gets rather hot being under the
cloak all the time." Angela added while pulling her hair back in a ponytail.

"Hey James, I just had a thought." Sirius said
suddenly.

"Did you hurt yourself?" Angela asked.

"Ha ha! I'm trying to be serious for a moment.
Angela thought about adding another 'serious Sirius' joke, just to see him get
riled up, but Sirius began again to quickly. "Are you sure that there aren't a
bunch of people with these cloaks? I mean someone could be spying on us right
now and we'd never know it."

"These things are too old, they don't make them
anymore. I wouldn't doubt if I was the only one in all of Hogwarts to have
one."

"But how can you be sure?" He asked

"Well…I can't I suppose…" The group looked around
the common room suspiciously.

"No, it couldn't be!" Remus protested after a
minute. "I mean...these things are really rare."

"But not one of a kind!" Sirius insisted.

"Why in the world would anyone spy on us? It's
ridiculous!" Lily said, not feeling quite as assured she sounded.

"To find out about the prank." Sirius said as
though it were the most obvious thing in the world. James looked around and
drew them in a little closer.

"Look, I don't think it's very likely," he
whispered, "but maybe just to satisfy Sirius we should take a look around."

"Err…James, what good will taking a look around
be if they're invisible?" Lily asked.

"Simple, we spread out walk around the common room
and if we hit anything that we can't see we'll know then, won't we."

"It's not like they can't just move James." Angela
said.

"Not very fast though and like you said, it gets
real hot under there. Maybe we can wear them out. We just have to…run a
little." James waited for objections, but none came. So they slowly came out of
their huddle and glanced around once more. "NOW!" James yelled and the group
began running around the common room like maniacs, trying to uncover the 'spy'
Sirius had planted in their heads. Even stranger, Sirius began yelling as
though he were running straight into battle. It was the first bit of fun he'd
had in days. Unfortunately for him, it had to come to an end.

"WHAT IN BLAZES IS GOING ON IN HERE?!" said a 5th
year prefect as she stepped through the common room door. James thought her
name was something like Molly…Fredrick. Everyone immediately stopped in their
places.

"We were just…err…"James laughed a bit. He had no
answer; the whole thing seemed a bit silly now.

"OUT!" She yelled, "NOW!" They made their way out
of the come room slowly, feeling a bit embarrassed. Sirius smacked James upside
the head.

"Nice going!"

"Me!" James exclaimed.

"It was your idea!"

"You're the one who brought it up!"

"Boys! Boys! Please!" Angela said. "Enough! We're
all to blame, Sirius for bringing it up, James for planning it and the rest of
us for following it. It's nearly time for our next class anyway"

"Oh great! Just what we need,
Potions!" Lily sighed, the weekend seem just too far away. 

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

A/N:
I have no idea what Molly Weasly's last name was before she got married, nor do
I know her house, year at this time or if she was ever a prefect, but hey. A
writer has the right to improvise. I feel like I'm just talking to myself
anymore and I have no idea if anyone is even reading this story anymore, please
review!

Thanks
also to everyone who reviewed the previous chapters

You are all awesome! Keep it
up! 











--------












A/N: The Snape prank is finally
here! 

Disclaimer: I own few
characters, no places, but the plot is in fact mine. Yay! 

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 20-The Best Laid Plans…

The day had come, after all the planning and
re-planning, the day had finally come. It was almost surreal for the five
conspirators. It was almost like they never expected the day to really come and
now that it had they felt…unprepared. This was to be one of the biggest pranks
seen in years and they were just 1st years, how could they really be
pulling this off?

The plan was to do it in the
Great Hall at breakfast. First they had to do was distract the teachers, most
importantly Craig, lure them out, without getting caught in the act. Easier
said than done.

While everyone else was in the
Great Hall, eating breakfast Angela, Sirius and Remus were placing Filibuster
fireworks and dungbombs in one of the longest hallways in the school
where MOST of the professors' offices were located. The plan was that they
would quickly set off their little 'presents' and then run for it. What they
hoped would happen was that all the professors, hearing the fireworks and
Filch's screaming, would hurry out of the Hall to see what was happening. At
the same time, James and Lily would be trying to figure out a way to sneak the
potion into Snape's drink. That was the best-case scenario. They didn't even
want to think of what the worst-case scenario would be.

"I have never been a part of a
dumber plan!" Angela whispered.

"And that's saying something!"
Sirius added. Angela smacked him over the head and then went back to work.

"What are the chances that
every single teacher will come running out of the Great Hall? I mean honestly!"
she went on huffily.

"You didn't seem to such a
problem with the plan when we first came up with it."

"I didn't exactly have time to
consider it's absolute stupidity."

"Hey, not our fault you're slow
on the uptake." SMACK! "Ow! What was that for?" Angela rolled her eyes and
muttered,

"And he calls me slow!"
Remus shushed them.

"Would you two please shut up!
We haven't got all that much time you know, breakfast doesn't last forever!"
Sirius waved his hand dismissively.

"The professors always take a
long time!"

"Yeah, but prefects don't."
Sirius shrugged. They finished and admired their work for a moment.

"Soooo…how are we going to set
them all off
before anyone catches us?" Angela asked. Remus and Sirius were speechless; they
hadn't thought of that.

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

In the Great Hall, Lily and James were having problems of
their own. How on earth were they going to slip the potion into Snape's drink
without a teacher seeing? Somehow it seemed a bit more difficult than it had
when they had first talked about it.

"What if we…" James whispered.

"No." Lily answered while at the professors hopelessly.
James looked crestfallen, but then puffed up again.

"How about…"

"No."

"But if we just…"

"No, no, no. This just isn't going to work." Lily whispered.
"Why don't we just wait for the uh…distraction."

"It won't take long for some of the professors to come back
to watch over us. It leaves us less time to interrogate Snape."

"But James, I just don't see how this is going to work. I
mean it would be a little obvious if we just walked over to Snape and poured
something into his drink, don't you think?" Lily looked back at James, but he
didn't appear to be paying attention. Instead he was looking at the
Hufflepuff's and grinning. "What?" James picked up his spoon and took a big
scoop of cheese scrambled eggs.

"Just watch!" He looked around to make sure no one was
looking. He turned the spoon around, catapult style and flung it toward a
Hufflepuff 6th year sitting nearly across from James. The eggs
seemed to stay in midair forever, but finally landed on the back of the boy's
head. James quickly set his spoon down and tried to look innocent. The boy
stood and turned around, looking for the culprit. James quickly smashed the
foot of a 2nd year who happened to be sitting next to him.

"Hey! You dumb prat!" the boy yelled standing up as well.
The Hufflepuff misinterpreted the boy's cry and in an instant the 2nd
year, wide-eyed and thunderstruck was hit in the face with a handful of
eggs. The Great Hall had gone silent. Before anyone could even speak, the 2nd
year picked up a handful of potatoes and threw it at the Hufflepuff. The
potatoes scattered and hit various other Hufflepuff along with the 6th
year. Before the professors could take even the slightest action to prevent it,
the students of Hogwarts were in an all-out food fight. The professors did
hurry to try to stop the fiasco, but it was too late.

James grinned at Lily and tried to talk over the noise.
"Where there's a will, there's a way!" 
James, with the potion, dodged past flying breakfasts and hurried over
to the Slytherin table, which had been abandoned in favor of getting really
into the fight. Lucky for James, he had noted which cup had been Snape's before
the fight had broken out. He opened the vial and poured it into Snape's goblet.
That was it, now they just had to sit back and wait. James returned to the
Gryffindor table to find Lily tossing anything she could get her hands on.
Apparently she had been hit.

"STOP IT RIGHT THIS INSTANT!" Professor McGonagall yelled
with a voice louder than any person should have been able to yell. This gave
Lily a sudden idea. Surprisingly, all the student ceased. "I HAVE NEVER,
IN ALL MY YEARS SEEN ANYTHING LIKE THIS! YOU WILL RETURN TO YOUR SEATS RIGHT
NOW!" The messy students scurried back into their seats. McGonagall was not
someone to be messed with, especially not when she was angry and boy was she
angry! James wasn't worried though, it's not like she could really do anything
to them. Returning to her normal voice, McGonagall continued, "Fifty points
from Gryffindor!" Maybe she could, James gulped. "My own house, I wouldn't have
believed it! As for the rest of the houses, I'm sure the Heads of your houses
will deal with you later. For now, everyone finish your breakfast in silence!"
The students did not dare disobey. 

James and Lily stared at Snape expectantly, waiting for him
to take a sip. However, Snape did not pick the goblet up. Instead a boy they
knew by Lucius Malfoy picked the goblet up and brought it to his mouth…

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

A/N: Hmmmm…what do you think? Next chapter is
nearly finished…I think. Please review!

Thanks to… 

tara – I'm glad you like the story so far! I am trying to
get chapters up quick!

Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous chapters

I appreciate it.

 

 











--------












A/N: The Snape prank continues!

Disclaimer: If I owned them, I
wouldn't be writing fan fiction.

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 21- Prank Surprise

 Malfoy took a swig
of the concoction, completely unaware of the effects that would take him over
in just a moment. Lily and James watched, absolutely stunned. They couldn't
decide whether this was a good thing or a bad thing. 

Seconds later, Snape turned to Malfoy and grabbed the goblet
away from him and said something that looked very nasty, which neither Lily nor
James could hear. They imagined it went something like 'that's my cup, you
prat!' However, Malfoy seemed unfazed by this, he looked like he was in a
complete state of relaxation. Snape turned away from him and took a big gulp
from the goblet as well.

This ought to be interesting, Lily thought, almost
apprehensive of the situation. She thought on it no more however because from
outside the Hall there was a sudden crash and a sound, like dozens fireworks
being shot off at once. 

Almost immediately, Filch came rushing through the doors,
howling about all sorts of things. However, James and Lily were the only ones
to notice that the doors to the Hall stayed suspended open just a moment longer
than they should have after Filch came through.

The professors were in a frenzy. A single dungbomb or
firework was one thing, it was almost to be expected on a daily basis, but in
the quantities that Filch described (though he may have exaggerated) was
outrageous. Furthermore, to disturb the place where professors go to get
away from students and their antics was even worse. The professors ran out
of the Great Hall, each to worried about the welfare of their own private
quarters and catching the culprits to realize that there was no supervision
left in the Hall. Dumbledore was the only one not to leave in a hurry, but even
he, after hasty prodding by Filch, warily left.

There was silence for a moment as the students processed
what had just happened and then there was a sudden burst of laughter from all
corners of the Great Hall. Snape and Malfoy, however, were still as you please
and both looked to be in a daze.

"It's now or never!" said Sirius, who was under the table,
hiding in the Invisibility Cloak with Remus and Angela.

"We got Malfoy, too." James warned. Sirius grinned.

"Even better!" Cassandra, who was not far away listened
closely to the group. So this was their big prank, she thought. No one noticed
her scoot closer though; they were too caught up in the moment. 

Sirius and James decided to be the ones to sneak over to the
Slytherin table, under the protection of the Invisibility Cloak, of course. The
other students were still too busy laughing to pay any attention to the little
first years' activities. 

"Wait!" Lily said before James and Sirius made their way across
enemy line. She pointed her wand at Snape muttered 'Sonorus', and then did the
same for Malfoy. "Now go!"

"What was that?" Angela asked Lily, reappearing from under
the table.

"Oooh…just a little charm I picked up. You'll see!"

The laughter and chatter was dying done now. Students were
beginning to turn back to their breakfasts. That's when the shout came. It was
Sirius' voice, Angela, Lily and Remus could tell, no one else seemed to
identify it however.

"SNAPE! HOW OFTEN DO YOU WASH YOUR HAIR?"

In a flat, but highly magnified voice, Snape answered, "ONCE
A MONTH!" The students in the Great Hall nearly died with laughter. A second
voice called out to Malfoy.

"Brilliant Charm, Lily!" Remus congratulated. Lily beamed.

"MALFOY, DO YOU DYE YOUR HAIR LIKE A GIRL?"

In the same flat tone, Malfoy answered, "YES!" The Great
Hall erupted again.

"SNAPE, HAVE YOU EVER WET THE BED?"

"YES!

"RECENTLY?"

"YES!" Then the other students began screaming out
questions.

"MALFOY, DO YOU KEEP A STUFFED ANIMAL?" Shouted a Ravenclaw.

"YES!"

"WHAT KIND?"

"A SNAKE!"

"Figures!" Remus remarked.

"WHAT COLOR IS IT?" Asked a Hufflepuff girl, who was very
snooty indeed.

"PURPLE!" More laughter ensued.

"SNAPE, DO YOU PURPOSELY SUCK UP TO PROFESSOR CRAIG! OR DOES
IT JUST COME NATURALLY?"

"PURPOSELY!"

"I knew it!" Angela exclaimed.

"MALFOY, DO YOU ALWAYS CRY LIKE A BABY TO YOUR MOMMY UNTIL
GET YOUR WAY?"

"ALWAYS!"

"SNAPE! DO YOU PICK YOUR BIG, FAT, CROOKED NOSE?"

"YES!" The students made a collective 'Eeeewww' sound, but
kept laughing.

"MALFOY, HAVE YOU EVER FANCIED SOMEONE IN A DIFFERENT
HOUSE?"

"YES!"

"WHO?"

"BIANCA BLACK!" 

The Ravenclaw table gasped and Bianca had the urge to vomit
in her breakfast. Sirius, too, was upset and decided to kick Malfoy, but Malfoy
didn't even make a noise signifying pain.

"SNAPE, IS IT TRUE YOU WHERE GIRLS KNICKERS?"

"NO!" James slapped the back of Sirius' head.

"What did you ask that for?" Sirius shrugged.

"Just curious. It made sense to me."

"MALFOY…"

"WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON IN HERE?" It was Craig, come to
ruin the fun. Lily muttered 'Quietus' undoing the charm on Malfoy and Snape,
just before they answered Craig's question, not that they actually knew what
was going on. The Hall was dead silent. James and Sirius snuck back to the
Gryffindor table without a noise, took the Cloak off under the table and
stashed it in James' bag.

"I believe I asked a question!" Craig said, no longer
needing to shout. Someone shouted out, "It's Snape and Malfoy!" Craig rushed
like a freight train toward the Slytherin table. "Mr. Snape, Mr., Malfoy, what
is going on?" Craig demanded. Both Snape and Malfoy answered that they didn't
know, but Craig could tell by their states what had happened and he was fuming.
"Mr. Malfoy, Mr. Snape, follow me to my office!" They stood and followed him
towards the door, but Craig stopped and turned.

"I will find out who did this! Mark my words! So I suggest
that you enjoy your time at Hogwarts while you still can!" Then he turned in
huff and stalked out, followed by Malfoy and Snape.

The returning professors ordered the students to their
common rooms. No matter what happened, however, no one could stop talking about
the prank. It was all anyone could think about.

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

A/N: I had the hardest time trying to think up
questions to have James and Sirius ask. I was surprised, I thought that would
have been the easy part. Actually, I went to fictionalley.org and asked for
help with ideas. I only got one post, but it did help. Originally, before I
even started writing this story I had Malfoy liking Angela, but I decided
against it. I have a new plan. Please review!

Thanks to… 

desicow - (tara?) Thanks for reviewing! I'm happy to know
you're enjoying my story! I hope you liked this chapter as well.

Someone – Thanks for reviewing! Glad to have you back! I'm
sorry that I took so long getting chapters up, things just kind of got busy for
a while and fan fiction floated to the back of my mind and got lost. I'm back
now though!

Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous
chapters and also the good people at fictionalley.

I appreciate everything.











--------












A/N: New chapter! I'm on a
roll! Enjoy!

Disclaimer: HP is not mine, so
don't ask.

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 22-Aftermath 

The students returned to their common rooms and went about
their day. There was something different than normal Saturdays. The air was
full of excitement and gossip. 

"Who pulled the prank?"

"Did you hear Malfoy? He has a crush on a Ravenclaw!"

"So much for the exclusive Slytherin thing!"

"What's Craig gonna do?"

"Do you think he'll find out?"

Now the young pranksters weren't quite fool enough to go
around bragging, though it was tempting. They claimed a corner of the common
room and chatted on and on about their accomplishment.

"Can you believe it?" Sirius said excitedly. "We've just
pulled off one of the biggest pranks of the year. No…scratch that…I bet it was
the biggest prank ever!"

"I must admit, that this is one of the best days ever!" said
James.

"Yeah, until Craig comes and expels us." Lily added darkly.

"He'll never prove it. None of the students even know who
did it and they were present at the time!" Sirius reassured.

"Except Cassandra." Remus interjected.

"And Peter." Lily added. Sirius waved this off.

"That won't be a problem. If they haven't told yet, they
won't. Especially since they kind of let it happen." Neither Lily nor Remus
were convinced, but soon forgot their troubles as they joined Sirius, James and
Angela in celebrating. They sat around the common room talking with others
about the day's events with other students, secretly soaking up the praise that
their fellow Gryffindors were placed upon the anonymous pranksters.

Unfortunately, their glory could only last for so long as
Craig immediately began his pursuit of the guilty parties. He began
interrogating students, one by one, using his intimidating presence as an ally
and who else would he think to begin with other than the Gryffindors? 

"He told me that he knew who did it and that he knew I knew
as well and that he would go easy on me if admitted it now." Remus was
listening to a third year tell the tale of his encounter with Craig. "He said
that he would tell my mum on me and when he had 'apprehended the guilty
faction' he would have expelled."

"I wouldn't worry about it too much." Sirius said coming up
behind Remus, putting his elbow on Remus' shoulder. "If he really thought that
you knew something, you'd be expelled already."

"I thought the same thing, besides, I don't know who did it.
If I did, I'd be congratulating them. I never did like that Malfoy boy." Sirius
grinned happily.

"Hey what's wrong with Cassandra?" Lily whispered to Angela.
Cassandra was sitting all by herself in a corner of the common room and she
looked almost in tears. Angela shrugged.

"Who knows? Maybe she didn't get a perfect on an essay."
Lily rolled her eyes and made her way to Cassandra, Angela reluctantly
followed.

"Hey Cassandra," Lily began gently, "what's wrong?"
Cassandra sniffed.

"Oh nothing, my grandmother's just going to kill, no big
deal."

"Why?" Lily asked incredulously.

"Because of Craig."

"You're worried about that old goat? Pssh." Angela said.
"He's been threatening everyone in Gryffindor."

"But I'm the only one who knows anything." Cassandra said, a
bit quieter.

"You didn't tell him, did you?" Angela asked suddenly. Lily
stared at her.

"Angela!"

"What?"

"No, I didn't tell anyone." Cassandra said begrudgingly.
Lily continued to glare at Angela.

"Look! I'm sorry, really…but you can understand how I would
be worried, can't you? We would be in a lot of trouble if Craig found out."

"Well, I'm in a lot of trouble already all because I was
protecting you!" Cassandra replied angrily.

"No, you're not. Craig's been questioning everyone, trying
to scare us into a confession." Said James who appeared behind Lily. "I've just
been there, he's tough." Lily and Angela looked at him questioningly. "No need
to worry, I'm tougher."

"Good going, James" Angela congratulated. 

"Speaking of which, Angela, he wants to see you next."
Angela gulped nervously, but turned with her head up and marched out of the
common room, toward what, in her opinion, might as well have been the
guillotine.

 

 

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

A/N: How was it? Do you like it? Please review!

Thanks to… 

Someone – My most faithful reviewer, I thank you. *bows*.
Thanks also for reminding me that yesterday was my one-year fic anniversary. J I
knew that 1-19 looked familiar, but I couldn't place it. As for the whole slash
question thing…it had entered my mind. ;-) But, I decided this wasn't meant to
be a slashy story, sorry. Besides…I'm more of a Sirius/Remus girl myself.

Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous
chapters.

 











--------












A/N: I enjoyed writing this chapter immensely, I've
been waiting to write it for a long time.

Disclaimer: I'm not rich; I think that about
answers all questions about whether I have any affiliation with the Harry
Potter franchise. It also answers whether it is worth it to sue me. Maybe you'd
get a coffee mug.

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 23-Fear, Guilt and Dark Discoveries 

Angela was escorted to Craig's office by a snobbish
Slytherin prefect and told to stay outside and wait until the Professor was
finished grilling the student he was currently in conference with. Of course,
Angela did just as she was told; she stayed right outside the door.

She felt a lump in her throat as she heard Professor Craig
yelling…no not just yelling…screaming! She couldn't even hear what was
being said, she wasn't even sure if Craig was speaking English at this point.
All she could tell was that Craig sounded livid. She felt a stab of pity for
the poor fool, but soon forgot it when she realized that in just a few short moments
she would be the poor fool.

She inched closer to the door, hoping to get an idea of what
she would be in for, but still Craig's words blended together into one long
tirade. Then she heard another voice say something very nasty and before she
knew what was happening, the door was flung open and she found herself face to
face with Remus.

She couldn't believe it, his face was flushed and he looked
so…angry! Remus never looked angry.

"Don't you dare walk away from me boy!" Craig roared, but
Remus ignored him and Angela could see the anger fade and tears form in his
eyes. Remus stepped around her and began running away, but Craig followed him.

"Miss Pierce wait in my office!" Craig shouted back.

"But…"

"In my office! Now!" Craig demanded. "And shut the door! I
must speak privately with Mr. Lupin." Angela hesitantly entered Craig's office
and shut the door; she didn't want to make any more trouble. The shouting
continued outside the door, but Angela paid no attention to it. She was too
busy wondering what Craig could possibly have said to upset Remus like that.
Remus was not a hotheaded person, Sirius yes, James occasionally. She could
even see herself in that position, but Remus? Now she was really worried.

Angela was brought out of her musing when something on
Craig's desk caught her eye. It was a file with Remus Lupin's name printed on
the tab. She assumed that they must be his school records.

That's odd…she thought…one would think wizards would have a
more advanced form of keeping track of students records than just a folder. She
supposed she still had much to learn about the magical world.

She could still hear Craig out in the hall and her curiosity
peaked. If those were Remus' school records…they would probably have
information on Remus' illness or whatever it was that made him look so worn out
and sick all the time. What if she just took a quick peek? She debated for a
moment and in the end her curiosity won. She figured that Craig was still busy
with Remus, poor guy, so she would have time to look real quick and put the
file back.

She crept over to the desk, not that Craig would have really
heard her if she had simply marched up loudly up to it, but for some reason,
she felt her nerves on edge and so she tried to be as careful as possible. She
snatched up the file and opened it. She got a prickly feeling on the back of
her neck that she thought was probably related to guilt, but dismissed it. She
looked at the papers inside, they were very official looking, but she soon
realized that they were not school records. The top said 'Dark Creature
Registration'. Dark Creature? She thought and began to read on. Unfortunately,
before she could find out anything more she was halted by the sound of the
office door opening. She quickly closed the file and tossed back on Craig's
desk. She stepped away just in time to see Craig stalk into the room and she
quickly took a seat.

"I hope you understand, Miss Pierce, the severe consequences
of eavesdropping." Craig seemed to have calmed down a bit, though he was still
as hard and cold as ever. Angela said nothing; she was still reeling from what
she had just read. "Ten house points from Gryffindor and let me just say that
such behavior does not make you look innocent." Craig said seriously.

"What did you say to Remus to make him act like that?" She
asked, she didn't know why, but it was important.

"Perhaps his guilty conscience has caught up with him."
Craig said, clearly not happy about being spoken to in such an abrupt manner.

"Guilty of what?" she plowed on. Why not? What had she to
lose? Well…besides her free time, house points, her marks, her admission to
Hogwarts, her life if her mother found out… However, at that moment she didn't
really think about that.

"I think you know very well." Angela shrugged.

"If you're talking about the 'incident' this morning… I
don't think Remus had anything to do with it." She lied.

"Oh really? And would you happen to know who is responsible
for the 'incident' as you would call it?" Craig was now looming over her, but
she didn't look away from him. Her mind was in too many different places to
worry about any one thing.

"Not really, but I don't see Remus as the type to do that
sort of thing." Which if she hadn't seen him helping, she really might not
believe him capable. She thought briefly that perhaps she underestimated him,
then the file flashed through head once again.

"Perhaps you don't know him as well as you think you do."
What did he mean by that? She wondered. Did it have something to do with
the…Dark Creature thing? This time she said nothing.

"Miss Pierce, as I said before, you're behavior tonight has
made you look less than innocent." Angela looked at him with shock.

"Now you think I did it? Professor, I must say, you seem a
bit paranoid." Craig fumed.

"MISS PIERCE! I will not tolerate such disrespect! Now tell
me, have you had any thing to do with this!" Craig looked positively fierce and
for a moment, he struck fear in Angela. She drew back a little.

"No, I haven't." She answered quietly, but she felt that her
protests would be useless. She felt like he could see right through her and she
quickly lowered her head so he could not see into her eyes anymore.

"I'm a afraid I do not believe you." Angela felt a shiver
run down her spine. She was busted. "Unfortunately, I cannot prove it," she looked
up, surprised, "yet." She let out a deep breath; she was saved, for now at
least. "But, mark my words, this isn't over and I shall be watching you and
your friends. I will catch you and when I do…you will wish that had just
confessed." Craig's voice had grown quieter, but almost deadly. However, Angela
held her head high. He had nothing on her, she knew it…he knew it.

"May I go now?" She asked, all the fear having been released
from her body. Craig stared at her for a moment, as if debating something
internally.

"Yes, but another twenty points from Gryffindor for
insubordination." He said finally. Angela got up and walked to the door, but
Craig spoke once more, stopping her in her place. "Do think about what I've
said. Two students were humiliated today and that is not something I take
lightly or that anyone should be proud of. Think about it." 

Angela nearly ran out the door, she couldn't take being in
that room anymore. On her way out, she nearly ran into Sirius who was standing
just outside. They shared a look and Angela murmured a 'good luck'. He was
going to need it.

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

A/N: Soooo…what do you think? Good? Yay/Nay. Please
review!

Thanks to… 

Wydinel
Sheergale- Don't worry, no one will be expelled. J I'm glad you liked the prank and I
hope you like what is to come. 

Someone-
I'm glad you're enjoying the most faithful reviewer title! J You
deserve it. I hope you like this chapter as well!

Neoma-
Thanks for reviewing! I 'm glad you like the story and I hope you like this
chapter as well.

Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous
chapters, it is most appreciated. 

 

 











--------












A/N: Bogey=booger. I know that the English (at
least in the Harry Potter movies) pronounce boogers as bogeys, though I wasn't
sure if that was how they spelled it or not so I stuck to booger. In this
story, I just decided to use bogey because it makes more sense for the way I'm
using it. I really don't like the subject of boogers. Why is it in my story
then? Inspiration works in mysterious ways.

Disclaimer: Mostly not mine, mostly.

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 24-Late Night Research

Following the Craig interrogations, life pretty
much went back to normal for most people. It seemed Craig still had no idea who
had pulled the prank (even though he tried to make the students believe
otherwise).

Cassandra and Peter had been accepted back into the
fold after they both chose not to tell Craig about the prank. The others felt
that they owed those two something in return for covering up the pranksters
little escapade. Lily began spending time with Cassandra, they both enjoyed
having another girl to chat with; Angela wasn't much of a chatter. 

The boys also began spending more time with each
other. Actually, Sirius had been the one who started plotting pranks again,
only this time his main focus was on Malfoy rather than Snape. The others
suspected that this was because of Malfoy's crush on Sirius' cousin, but they
didn't mention it. James, of course, jumped right in on the pranks and Peter
followed.

On the other hand, Remus had become distant to them
all since the night he stormed out of Craig's office. He would just sit near
the others while they were planning pranks, but he didn't participate. He
seemed to have a lot on his mind.

Angela also spent a lot of time just thinking. Just
what had she seen that night? She didn't know. She didn't know anything about
dark creatures, but she found it hard to believe Remus was one of them.

In the girls dormitory, Lily
and Cassandra were yakking on and on about…something. Angela wasn't paying much
attention. She was still lost in thoughts about Remus. She didn't know what to
think anymore. Suddenly, she couldn't keep her thoughts to herself, she had to
tell someone.

"What do you guys think of
Remus?" She asked. Lily and Cassandra stopped and stared at her. It was a bit
of an abrupt question. Lily raised her eyebrow.

"I don't know...he's nice I
suppose. Why? What do you think of him?" Lily asked pointedly. Angela
rolled her eyes.

"Don't get the wrong idea,"
Angela said forcefully, "I just wanted to know if you found him to be a bit
strange?"

"Strange? Not stranger than any
other boy around here." Cassandra replied. Angela grew thoughtful again.

"Don't you think it's odd,
though, how he's always leaving school and coming back sick and such?"
Cassandra shrugged.

"He's had family issues. It
happens."

"Yes, but I found…" Angela stopped.
She didn't want to start and uproar about Remus. If he was a…dark creature,
Angela was that it wasn't going to be well-received news. Then again…she knew
that Cassandra had grown up in a magical environment, she was sure to have more
information on the subject than Angela. Maybe being a dark creature was more
commonly accepted than Angela thought. After all, she didn't even know what a
dark creature was really.

"You found what?" Cassandra
pressed.

"Nothing…"
Angela said absently. She couldn't tell them, not yet. Not until she knew more.
Angela jumped up suddenly; it was time to get some answers. "I need to go see
Remus about something." She was halfway across the room before Lily stopped
her.

"You
can't! He's not here." Angela whipped around.

"What
do you mean?" She demanded.

"James
told me he left after dinner. He's gone home, I don't recall why." Angela
considered asking them once more if they didn't find that odd, but decided
against it. They didn't seem to think anything of these strange disappearances.
Angela felt like she would burst at any moment, how was it that she was the
only one who noticed all of this? She felt like she was the only one listening
and she just wanted to scream to get everyone's attention. Maybe she was losing
her mind…

"Alright
then." She said to no one in particular. She turned back around and began
walking out of the dormitory again.

"Where
are you going?" Lily called.

"To
the library." She answered stiffly. She heard Cassandra say something along the
lines of, "But it's late!" Angela paid no attention.

She
found James, Sirius and Peter sitting in the common room. James and Peter were
playing wizards' chess and Sirius was watching, absolutely fascinated.

"James,
could I…erm, borrow your cloak?" Angela asked quietly, trying not to attract
the ears of other Gryffindors.

"What
do you need my cloak for? Don't you have your own?" James asked, not taking his
eyes off the game. He moved a piece and declared, "Check." Peter looked
nervous.

"No,
I mean your other cloak." Angela said, trying to give him a meaningful
look, but he still paid no attention. Sirius, however, looked at her strangely.

"What
do you need it for?" Sirius asked, suspiciously. Angela glared at him.

"It's
none of your business, is it?"

"No,
but it is mine." James said, still watching the game. Peter made a move to try
and save himself, but James only seemed pleased by this and moved into
checkmate. "Again?" He asked Peter.

"Hey,
no fair!" Sirius protested, "I want to play!"

"You
don't know how."

"I've
been watching you two for three matches! I think I've picked up a bit, I'm not that
dense!" Angela begged to differ, but for once she didn't contradict Sirius.

"Alright,
you can play." James conceded. In an instant Sirius was up and nearly shoving
Peter out of his seat.

"Okay,
okay! No need to get pushy!" Peter said indignantly.

"So
what do you need it for?' James asked, addressing Angela.

"I
need to go to the library." She said, lowering her voice. Sirius snorted.

"The
library? Trust me Angel-Cake, all the books in the world couldn't help you!"
Angela rolled her eyes, she had no time for a silly insult war, still…such
comments could not go unretaliated.

"Is
that so? What does that say about you Dog-Boy? Who gets better marks in
Potions?"

"Just
because you seem to have Slytherin tendencies, doesn't make you bright! Quite
the opposite really." Sirius retorted. It was a commonly known fact that
Potions was a subject at which Slytherins excelled, though it could have
something to do with the Potions master and the Slytherin head being one in the
same.

"Me!?"
Angela nearly shouted, "I'm not the one who…"

"Enough!"
James yelled. "Angela, I will get the cloak for you, but you must treat it with
the utmost respect." Angela nodded. James ran upstairs and came back down with
the invisibility cloak, trying to hide it from view. Luckily, no one ever
really paid attention to first-years because he wasn't doing a very good job.
He handed it to Angela reluctantly; he had not yet grown accustomed to handing
his cloak over to others.

"Don't
worry, it's in good hands." Angela reassured him. Sirius guffawed, but Angela
ignored him and snuck out of the common room.

Angela
snuck down to the library, under cover of the invisibility cloak. She decided
that the most logical place to start looking was under dark creatures and she
found a listing of all the known dark creatures. It was long…very long. Angela
sighed, convinced that she'd never figure it out. Most of these creatures she'd
never heard of, though some she had, like vampires and banshees. She was fairly
certain that Remus was neither.

How
was she ever going to figure Remus' secret out? She decided to start at the top
and work her way down. She was convinced that by the end of her search she
should at the top of her Defense against the Dark Arts class. She would know of
just about every dark creature and just how to protect against them.

She
was amused to discover that there was actually a creature called the bogeyman.
The bogeyman was actually created by a young boy's uncle who had been
trying to show the boy that the boogeyman did exist. Unfortunately, do
to the uncle's slight accent, he conjured the bogeyman instead. The bogeyman is
not considered dangerous. However, it is recommended that when dealing with the
creature one carries a large supply of tissues at all times.

Angela
grew tired quickly and wasn't sure she could stay awake much longer. She looked
out the window at the moon. It hypnotized her…it looked so…big tonight.
Something nagged at her in the back of her brain, but she didn't really notice
it; she was just too tired. 

There
were so many things floating in her mind that it was hard to concentrate on
just one. She had no idea that all these creatures really existed, they were
just supposed to be stories to scare little kids and campers. Remus couldn't
really be one of them, could he? The moon was so bright…she struggled to keep
her eyes open…and disturbing images of the bogeyman flew through her head as
she let her head droop down to the table and she slipped into a deep slumber.

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

A/N: Did you like it? I know I have a lot of
Angela-centered chapters which might annoy some people (I know some are not
fond of OC's), but right now they are essential to the plot. I have future
plots that revolve around the each of the other characters, this is just where
the plot is right now. Actually, I don't really have a plot for Peter…except
for the whole going evil thing. I just don't know what I'm going to do with
him. *Shakes head* Oh well. Please review! By the way, does anyone know why
there are no indents at the beginning of my paragraphs? I just realized that. I
always indent when I'm writing and it comes out fine in Microsoft Word, but not
on ff.net. Does anyone know why?

Thanks to… 

Neoma- Glad you like it! ;-)

Someone- Not quite to the discovery of Remus'
secret, but close! Even I am getting anxious so I think that it will happen in
one of the next couple chapters. Hope you liked this chapter!

Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous
chapters, it is most appreciated. 

 

 

 

 











--------












A/N: I have nothing to say at this point in time.
Sorry! L Please enjoy and review!

Disclaimer: I do not own any Harry Potter
characters, places or things. I admit this freely; do not sue me.

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 25-Badgering Angela

Angela
awoke the next morning to a very angry librarian.

"Wake
up little missy!" The librarian shook Angela roughly. "Wake up! Libraries are
no places for students to be sleeping in!" Angela jolted up, finally aware of
her surroundings. Had she really slept in the library? 

"It's
about time!" The librarian huffed. "I've been trying to wake you up for at
least ten minutes! A library is no place for a girl to be sleeping. Have you
been here all night?" Angela thought quickly, as quickly as she could for just
waking up. One thought stood out clearly in her mind…saying yes would get her
into definite trouble.

"Err…no…I
woke up early this morning…I had to…look something up…for a class." The
librarian looked at Angela suspiciously, but accepted her answer.

"Well,
you had better get going now before you miss your classes for the day!" The
librarian warned and marched away. Angela let out a breath of relief.

Angela
shut the book she had been reading last night, grabbed the invisibility cloak
from underneath the table and quickly made her way back to the Gryffindor
common room. When she made it through the portrait James nearly pounced on her;
he was not to pleased with her vanishing for the night with his cloak. She was
bombarded with scolding questions and angry accusations.

"Oh
here!" she shoved the cloak into his hands. "It's back in one piece, isn't it?"
James examined it carefully before throwing Angela one last angry glance and
ran up to the boys' dormitory. Angela yawned and decided she needed to clean up
a bit before going down to breakfast. She trudged slowly up the stairs; she
still felt exhausted.

All
that, she thought, and I still don't know anything...except that you should
never sleep in a library. Her neck was killing her!

When
she finally did get to breakfast, she sat across from James, who seemed to have
forgotten his anger. Sirius however, would not let the incident die.

"So,
the library…" Sirius began.

"Yeah,
you know where the books live. You might try reading one sometime." Angela
snapped; she was in no mood to bicker with anyone this morning, she had after
all spent a horrible night's sleep in a library.

 

"And
you might try sleeping in a bed rather than the library. I hear it's all the
rage." Angela's eyes narrowed. 

"Are
you two done? I'd like to eat in peace for once!" James said. They each turned
back to their breakfast and forgot about last nights events, but on the way to
Herbology, Sirius returned to the topic. 

"So
what were you doing in the library anyway?" Sirius asked. He had pulled Angela
back from the group so that no one would notice his questions to her.

"I
was looking for something." Angela said simply.

"Something
like…"

"What's
it to you?" Angela sped her pace a bit, but Sirius wasn't discouraged and kept
up with her.

"I
was just wondering what was so important that you felt you had to spend the
night in the library."

"I
shall spend the night where I please." Angela said irritably. Sirius was the
last person she wanted to tell about her findings.

"Well,
do you suppose Dumbledore would agree with you?" Angela gave him a nasty look.

"What
makes you think he doesn't know?" She bluffed.

"I
assume that if he did you would be in trouble by now." Sirius reasoned. "What
if I were to let him in on your little secret?" Angela came to a halt and
whipped around to face Sirius.

"You
wouldn't!"

"Tell
me what you were doing." Sirius demanded.

"Why,
So you can go tell Dumbledore about that as well?" 

"Is
it something he shouldn't know about? Would you get in trouble if he knew?"
Sirius asked urgently. Angela didn't answer, she turned back around and
continued her course to the greenhouses. "Oh come on! You have to tell me!"
Sirius whined.

"Oh
really? And why is that, praytell?" Sirius pouted.

"Because
it's not fair for you to scheme without me." Angela rolled her eyes. "Besides,
maybe I could help." Sirius added.

"You
don't have to be involved in everything. You know that, right? I mean, there
are plenty of people who get on very well without your help. In fact, I
would go so far as to say that there are people all over the world who are much
more successful without your help than they would be with it! So, if you don't
mind, leave me be!" With that Angela sped ahead until she caught up with the
others, leaving Sirius behind to sulk.

"I
will find out what you're up to!" Sirius vowed quietly as he ran to catch up as
well. 

After
classes that day, Angela, Lily and Cassandra were sitting in the common room,
trying to finish an essay for Transfiguration.

"Hello
ladies!" Sirius greeted pleasantly. as he sat himself across from Angela.
"Angela." He nodded in recognition. She gave him a dangerous look, but said
nothing. "What are you up to this fine evening?"

"We're
trying to finish homework. What do you want?" Angela asked quickly. Sirius
grinned.

"You
know what I want Angel Cake." Lily and Cassandra giggled. "Where were you last
night?"

"Sirius,
I told you I was in the library, I told you this earlier. Even your memory
isn't that bad."

"You
really expect us to believe you spent the night in the library?"

"Since
when did you become and us?" Angela asked trying to distract him.

"Since
we were kind of wondering the same thing." Lily jumped in, setting her quill
down and looking attentively at Angela. Cassandra did the same.

"Well,
I hate to disappoint, but I was in fact in the library." Angela reiterated.

"Alright
then…what were you doing in the library?" Sirius asked.

"Did
it have something to do with Remus?" Cassandra asked. Angela couldn't believe
it; they had all turned against her! She had no reinforcements.

"Remus?
What's this?" Sirius asked confused.

"Last
night she asked us if we thought Remus was strange and then she ran off to the
library." Cassandra supplied.

"I
thought we had settled that a long time ago." Sirius said. "Why are you so
obsessed with it?"

"Because,
something's off and I just…I'm curious."

"Well,
if you ask me, you're the strange one, not Remus." Sirius replied.

"Who
thinks I'm strange?" A new voice asked. The group turned to see a troubled
Remus standing behind them. Like usual, he had come back from his absence
looking sick and beat up.

"Angela."
Sirius admitted immediately. Angela smacked him. Remus looked at her, a bit
hurt.

"It's
not that I think you're strange…" Angela said, "you just act strange
sometimes."

"Sounds
like you think I'm strange to me." Remus said wryly. No one knew what to say
for a moment, so Remus just turned and ran to the dormitories. Angela smacked
Sirius again.

"See
what you did!" She said angrily.

"What
I did! You're the one who kept sticking your nose into his business!" Angela
added nothing else, but she gathered her things and silently went upstairs.
It's not my fault!" Sirius told Lily and Cassandra. They only shrugged.

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

A/N: So Angela sticks her nose into Remus' business
and Sirius sticks his nose into Angela's business. What is this fictional world
coming to? *shakes head* Sadly, I think I know people in the real world who are
worse than this! Please review!

Thanks to… 

Neoma

Someone

(Sorry, I would have written individual thank you
notes, but my mind is a little drained and I couldn't think of any thing to say
tonight. I would have waited to post this until I had something to say, but I
just wanted to get this chapter up ASAP.)

Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous
chapters, it is most appreciated. 

 











--------












A/N: I have recently noticed that I use these
author notes as more of a journal than actual notes on the story. Odd… Anyway,
I also noticed that my stupid computer has erased my work and created little
box letters on at least two different occasions (both times I used my A/N to
rant about it). Stupid thing. Now, every time I want to save something to a
disk, I have to send it to another computer. Piece of junk…grrrr.

Disclaimer: I do not own any Harry Potter
characters, places or things. I admit this freely; do not sue me.

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 26-Bad Apologies

The
next day Remus didn't really talk to anyone and he especially avoided Angela.
He couldn't really blame her for thinking his actions were strange, but it
still upset him that his friends would sit around and talk about him like that.
Remus was also paranoid that the others would find out his secret and he really
could not allow that to happen. He figured if he pretended to be really angry
with them that they would drop the subject. He was wrong.

 Angela cornered him outside the Great Hall
after dinner. He couldn't run away, it would look a little too
suspicious. To Remus' surprise, Angela started, not with questions, but with an
apology.

"Remus,
I really am sorry if I offended you." She paused for a moment. "Which I'm sure
I did and you have every right to be angry…but…no wait please hear me out!"
Remus had started to walk away as soon as she added the 'but'. Remus consented
and stood still, but ready to dash away if she said the wrong thing. Angela
noticed this and began again carefully.

"You
can't really blame me for being a little suspicious, can you? I mean, you're
always leaving school and you come back looking much worse than when you left
and… " Angela considered telling him about the file, but that would be
admitting that she had snooped into Remus' personal business. Somehow she
thought that might make things worse. "and I think you'll understand my concern
for you. After all you are my friend and I just wanted to make sure that you
were alright." Angela waited and it seemed as though Remus wouldn't say
anything at all.

"But
you still think I'm strange?" Remus asked quietly as stared at the floor. He
knew he was different, but it still hurt when someone else knew it.

"No…not
really…like I said…some of the things you do are just a little suspicious. I
didn't mean that anything was wrong with you." Remus gave a small nod,
accepting her answer. He still felt…embarrassed about the whole situation, but
he had decided to forgive and forget. That is until Angela spoke up again.

"Remus…I
don't mean to push you…but the thing is…I'm still worried about you and I would
really like to know…well, what's going on? With you that is." Remus was torn
between anger for her prying, again and gratitude for her caring enough
to ask what was wrong with him. Anger won.

"I'm
fine, you needn't worry about me." Remus said huffily and walked away. Angela
sighed and watched Remus stomp away.

That
went well, she thought wryly.

 

Remus
found his way to the common room and saw that Sirius and Peter were playing
Exploding Snap. Lily and Cassandra sat by the fire with a couple of second year
girls, chatting animatedly. Remus briefly wondered where James was, but didn't
dwell on it for long.

"Oy!
Remus! Come here!" Sirius shouted, halting his and Peter's game. Remus
hesitated, but decided he would have to face this sometime. 

"Hello
Remus." Peter greeted as Remus joined them. Remus nodded in an acknowledgement.

"Look…er…Remus"
Sirius began uncomfortably. "I just wanted to tell you…" Remus stopped him.

"Don't
worry about it Sirius. No hard feelings." Sirius looked suddenly relieved.

"Yes,
well, you should know that if anyone is strange it's Angela, so don't feel bad
about it." Sirius said, hoping to get a smile out of Remus. He wasn't
disappointed.

"Thanks
Sirius." Remus said. Remus was relieved, now he would only have to worry about
Angela.

 

After
Remus walked away, Angela stood in place for a moment, not sure what to do. She
couldn't go back to the common room, she was sure that was where Remus was
headed and she didn't want to look like she was following him. 

She
decided to go back to the library for a bit while students were allowed to be
out; she had a feeling James wouldn't be lending her his cloak anytime soon.
She was hoping this trip to the library would be a bit more successful than her
last. She was only growing more impatient with Remus' secret and felt like she
actually needed to figure it out. She felt a small pang of guilt over
prying, especially since she had just made Remus angry over it, however,
curiosity overtook her and she decided to continue her quest.

As
she began searching through the numerous shelves of Hogwart's library, she was
startled to hear a voice say,

"So
you really were in the library, weren't you?" Angela spun around and saw James,
holding his invisibility cloak and staring at her. Angela raised her eyebrow.

"Isn't
that what I told you to begin with?" James shrugged and gave her a lopsided
smile.

"Can
you blame me for being curious?" Angela felt a sudden sense of déjà vu.

"You
know, you don't need that thing." She said nodding toward his cloak. "Students
are actually allowed to be out at this time."

"Yes,
but it makes it so much easier to spy on people when you are invisible."
Angela' eyes narrowed suspiciously.

"And
just who have you been spying on, may I ask?" James grinned evilly.

"If
you must know, I was spying on you and Remus." He answered honestly.

"You
have nothing better to do then?" Angela asked, a bit annoyed.

"What
could be more important than finding out the detailed information of a friend's
well-being?" James paused and then added seriously, "What exactly did Remus
mean when he asked if you thought he was strange?" Angela sighed. She supposed
she must let it out sometime.

"Last
night, I was talking to Lily, Cassandra and Sirius when Remus came in. He heard
the wrong part of the conversation and he found out that I had been…concerned
about his state. I had asked the others if they found Remus' behavior strange
and so Remus took it the wrong way, the most likely way, but the wrong way."
James thought for a moment.

"You
didn't do a very good job of apologizing you know." James said finally. "It's
not good to follow 'I'm sorry' with 'what's wrong with you?'. Just a little
tip."

"Yes,
thank you." Angela said sarcastically. James cleared his throat.

"Sooo…er…what
do you think is wrong with him?" Angela stared at him, dumbfounded.

"Oh!
I see! Now you want to discuss this, yet when I first asked you, you brushed me
off. Now all of the sudden you want me to share information that I have taken
great pains to uncover? I don't think so!" Angela made it look like she was
about to storm away, but she was sure that James would stop her, which he did.

"Come
on! Before all you had was scratches to support your suspicions! Sorry if I
don't like to jump to conclusions! Now you obviously know something for sure
and I want to know what it is!" Angela crossed her arms over her chest.

"And
just what makes you think you have a right to such information?"

"Because
I know that you're dying to tell someone and I'm the only one to show any
interest so far…am I right? Besides, you could use a little help. Who better
than me?" Angela debated with herself for a moment, but made a decision.

"If
you're so smart James, why don't you just figure it out on your own?" Angela
said dryly and walked away. She wasn't going to make it so easy for them all.
She had been the one to take the risk of looking in Remus' file, she was the
one who stayed up late in the library searching and she was the one who had to
face Remus' wrath. If they wanted to know so badly, they would have to do the
work for themselves.

 

 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

A/N: Please review!

Thanks to… 

LilyPotter7 (twice!)- I had actually forgotten that
Molly and Arthur went to school with Lily and MWPP. Thanks for trying to remind
me. J I know they still haven't
played a huge part, but I'm working on it! Thanks for the reviews! 

tara- Sorry about the shortness, I think this one
may be a little short as well or maybe it's just that nothing really big
happened. I don't know. Anyway, I'm on the verge of very important events, so
the chapters should get a bit more lengthy. Thanks for reviewing!

Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous
chapters, it is most appreciated. 

 











--------












A/N: Hello! I've been a bit busy reading the Lord
of the Rings, but I have been trying to keep up with my writing! I will not
abandon this story darnit!

Disclaimer: I disclaim everything I ought to.

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 27- Gifts from James' Uncle

On
the last day before Christmas break, Remus woke up to Sirius bouncing on his
bed.

"Wake
up lazy bones!" Sirius shouted. "Time for breakfast!" This was not usual Sirius
behavior; he was usually the last to wake up and Remus usually the
first. Remus wondered at this briefly, but considering Sirius was nearly
jumping on Remus' head, he didn't have much time to think.

When
Remus finally got up, he was a little annoyed to find that it was far earlier
than breakfast is even served and that James' and Sirius' were in some sort of
giggling fit. Still, Remus and Peter allowed themselves to be practically
dragged down to the Great Hall, for what purpose they did not know, but would
soon find out.

James
threw open the doors to the Great Hall to find that it was filled only with
House Elves who quickly scurried away and vanished.

"What
were those?" Sirius asked in amazement, he had never seen such creatures.

"House
Elves." Peter answered groggily.

"Never
mind that." James said, waving his hand impatiently. "We have a job to do."
Remus raised an eyebrow, though he was still a bit grumpy, he was also curious.

"Really?
And what job is this? And why are we here so early?" James gave Remus a
friendly slap on the back.

"We
are here for the purpose of mischief my friend, as always." James grinned and
shoved a sac into Remus' hands. Remus peeked into the bag and found it filled
with many green, red and gold candies.

"Where
did you get these?" Remus asked.

"From
my dear uncle, a great man is he!" James proclaimed proudly. "Now put these at
every place on the Ravenclaw table." Remus dared to ask why, but the only
answer was, "You'll see!"

Remus
went about his work at the Ravenclaw table, Peter at the Hufflepuff table and
Sirius, who had a rather maniacal grin, at the Slytherin table. Remus also
noticed that James was spreading the candies around the Gryffindor table.

"So
James, you are planning to prank the Gryffindors as well then?" Remus asked
curiously.

"Of
course not! I couldn't do such a thing to my own house! But it would look
suspicious to the other houses if we had no candy, wouldn't it? Then they might
not eat it at all." This seemed to make sense, but James was still grinning
something awful and so Remus thought that he would not eat any candy, even from
the Gryffindor table.

"No
time for chit-chat!" Sirius said in a mock-angry voice. "I've already finished
with Slytherin and you are all going much slower than you should! Make haste
good people!" Sirius skipped down the Great Hall, laughing all the way. To
Remus, he looked a bit impish, but he stifled a chuckle and continued his work.


They
finished up and returned to their dormitory; it wouldn't look good for them to
be in the Hall before the professors.

James
and Sirius danced around the room, making up a song about their plot. It wasn't
a very good song as they were not very good at rhyming, but it was quite
amusing to them.

We'll
prank them good!

And
then we…could… James stalled.

Have
a bit of toast! Sirius sang helpfully.

The
thing we love the most! James added, most
pleased with himself.

The
Hufflepuffs will…huff!

When
they've seen what we've done!

The
Ravenclaws will…run!

And…we'll
think it's much fun!

Because…Slytherins
will be!

The…worst
of the three!

Ha-ha,
Ha-ha, Ha-ha!

By
this time Remus and Peter were nearly rolling on the floor with laughter over
the idiotic song, but James and Sirius didn't seem to care as the kept on
dancing and singing.

 

When
finally James and Sirius had calmed down, the boys returned to the Great Hall.
Many students and teachers had already sat down and were eating breakfast. The
pranksters sat down and Remus noticed that a few of the candies had already
been opened and presumably eaten.

"Er…James…nothing's
happening." Remus said. James smiled slyly.

"Don't
worry, it will." James promised quietly. "That's the beauty of it, they don't
work for at least an hour, maybe more. That way, the plot isn't given
away before everyone has a chance at the candies."

Soon,
more and more students filled the Great Hall and Angela, Lily and Cassandra joined
the boys.

"Good
morning ladies!" James said cheerfully. The girls mumbled greetings and began
digging in to breakfast.

"What's
this?" Lily held up a piece of candy.

"It's
candy, what does it look like?" Sirius replied, trying to sound annoyed.
Though, seeing as he was still grinning, he didn't pull it off well. "
Try it." He urged. Lily and Cassandra being the trusting souls they were and
being that it was still far too early to be paranoid, both started unwrapping
the treats. Angela however, was suspicious of anything concerning Sirius and
she stopped them.

"I
see that you haven't touched yours. Why don't you try it?" Angela challenged.

"Er…I
cannot, you see…I am allergic." Sirius lied.

"Really?
You haven't even opened it to see what kind it is." Said Cassandra, catching
on.

"Erm…well…"

"Neither
have Remus and James I see. How interesting." Lily commented, now setting her
own piece of candy down.

"Well,
the truth is really, I have no taste for sweets this morning. But you go ahead.
Enjoy!" Sirius said hopefully.

"I
would not feel right about enjoying this treat without you. I insist." Angela
said sweetly. Sirius thought for a moment and decided cleverly that he would pretend
to slip the candy in his mouth and then they would really eat it. It was
perfect!

"Alright!"
Sirius threw up his hands and then made a great show of unwrapping the candy
and bringing it to his mouth. Just as he was about to make the slip, Angela
added,

"And
I would very much like to see it in your mouth, if you don't mind. Can't be too
careful!" Sirius groaned inwardly, but stuck the candy in his mouth and showed
her. 'There', he thought, 'At least now she'll eat it and I can spit it out
into my goblet.'

"Now
it's your turn!" Sirius said quickly, reaching for his goblet.

"No…I
don't think I have a taste for it either. You can have it if you like." Angela
offered. Cassandra and Lily agreed. Sirius forgot the goblet and spit the candy
out angrily.

"That's
not fair!" he protested. Angela smiled pleasantly.

"Sure
it is. I never said that I would eat it if you did." James, Remus, Lily and
Cassandra all burst out laughing; Sirius had been duped! Peter however looked
crestfallen.

"I
thought you said that there was nothing wrong with the Gryffindor ones!" Peter
cried. James noticed the empty wrapper in front of Peter.

"Oh
Peter! You didn't…the whole thing?" Peter nodded, sending the group into an
even louder fits of giggles.

 

It
did take about an hour or so for the effects of the prank to come to light, and
what a light it was! Students began literally lighting up like Christmas trees.
Some were green, some were red, some were gold and some were a rather nasty
looking mixture and these were the ones who glowed the brightest. Another
effect was that, every now and then students would suddenly burst into a
Christmas carol, not in their own voice, but in a loud, female, opera voice
that could be heard for long, long distances.

 Not all students were infected as not all the
students took part in enjoying the candies. However, some students glowed even
brighter and sang louder and were a mixture of colors; these were the students
who had had more than their share of treats. Sirius had made sure to put quite
a few extras at the Slytherin table.

You
can imagine how these events disturbed classes. Professors could barely see
their students, let alone talk above the carols. Fortunately, seeing as it was
the last day of classes before Christmas, the professors were in good spirits
and didn't seem to mind much.

"Oh
just go!" McGonagall said to her first-year Gryffindors. "We'll get nothing
done today!"

All
in all, the joke was taken quite well, even among the afflicted. Sirius and
Peter, however, were not initially amused. Sirius glowed only a little and his
singing could barely be heard, though Lily did cast a charm on him once or
twice to magnify his voice. Peter on the other hand, had had a full piece of
candy and felt the full effects.

"I
think he's a rather pretty shade of green, don't you?" James commented to Remus
who nodded furiously, still trying to hide his laughter.

By
nightfall everything was back to normal and everyone was good-humored again. It
had been a very good day.

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

A/N: Next Chapter: The Truth About Remus! Yay! It's
all written, I just need to type, proofread and upload it. Hopefully I'll get
that done soon. Please review!

Thanks to… 

          Neoma-Sorry I didn't thank you last
chapter, I didn't know you reviewed until too late. I'm thanking you now
though!

tara- Here's the next one! Thanks for reviewing!

Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous
chapters, it is most appreciated. 

 

 











--------












A/N: Ahhh…the day had come! I tried to make
articles Angela was reading appear in different font, but alas…ff.net does not
conform to my wishes. Now, they are underlined.

Disclaimer: I am lucky to own the shirt on my back.
And this computer…even though it's a piece of junk. Anyway, I do not own Harry
Potter.

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 28- The Truth about Remus

It
was the eve before Christmas Eve and Angela was in the library, again.
She had been through most of the list of magical and/or dark creatures and had
made quite a few notes, however she still had no idea who or what Remus was. It
was rather discouraging, truth be told, and she was beginning to doubt that she
saw what she thought she saw. Perhaps she read the file wrong...she had been in
a hurry and under a lot of pressure.

'Vampires'
she thought, 'No, I really think not. I have seen him in the sunlight.'
She skipped over vampires and went on to the next creature…

Veela, she read, are not necessarily
considered dark.

 Angela had a feeling that this ruled veela
out, but she read on anyway. Upon reading the rest of the description she
decided that no…veela were definitely out of the question. She then moved on
to…

Werewolves.

She
shook her head, a few months ago she would not have believed werewolves even
existed and now... The realization that they did in fact exist was a bit
startling to her. She supposed that they were still an option and went to look
them up.

'Werewolves…werewolves,'
she thought as she searched for information 'a-ha! Found it!'

A Werewolf is a
human, magical or non-magical, who turns into a vicious wolf every month at the
full moon. In order for a person to be turned into a werewolf they must first
receive a bite from a werewolf on the night of the full moon.

Angela
snorted and thought, 'Well, that's helpful! I'll just go right up to Remus and
ask, 'Hey buddy! Have you been bitten by any werewolves recently? That'll go
over well.' Still, she continued. 

Although a werewolf
may appear to be gentle and passive in human state, in wolf state they
are highly aggressive, dangerous and even deadly to humans. It is for this
reason that the Ministry of Magic keeps a close watch over such creatures and
enforces strict laws about captivity during the full moon.

This
made Angela's heart skip a beat. 'The Ministry?' She thought. 'The
Registration! Well that fits!' But was Remus really…could it be? She was
jumping to conclusions she decided. It didn't say werewolves had to register,
just that the Ministry kept tabs on them. That didn't necessarily mean…perhaps
because she was anxious…she was nearly out of creatures.

Then
there was the whole business with the monthly disappearances…that would explain
a lot. But were Remus' disappearances monthly? And during the full moon? She
couldn't recall.

 She mentally slapped herself and decided she
must continue.

Often times, when a
werewolf is kept captive during its transformation, the human is found
afterwards to be badly bruised, slashed and even bitten. These wounds are
generally self-inflicted due to the restlessness of the wolf without humans to
hunt.

 Angela gulped. 'Oh God!' She thought. 'The
scratches and everything!' If it was true…the thought of what injuries she
couldn't even see on her poor friend flashed in her mind, making her wince.
Still she went on…

The transformation
of a werewolf also greatly weakens the human side and so the infected person
often falls ill at the time of the full moon.

That
described Remus perfectly! Was this it? What she had been looking for? She
tried to remember when Remus was last vanished. Was that a full moon?

It
wasn't too hard to remember, that was the night she spent in the library. But
how could she remember if it was a full moon or not? She wouldn't have thought
to look before. Angela wracked her brain for answer. 'The moon…the moon…' she
thought, 'the moon…what did it look like?' This was ridiculous, how was she
supposed to remember what the moon looked like on one particular night? She
wasn't an astronomer! She may not have noticed it at all.

No…that
wasn't right…a thought was tugging at her brain, just beyond her consciousness
like a word that is on the tip of your tongue, but you just can't seem to get
it out.

Then
it hit her. She remembered that she had been nearly asleep…nearly. She looked
out the window and there it was! She remembered it almost perfectly now...the
moon had looked huge to her eyes. Still…did that necessarily mean that it was
completely full? She had herself almost convinced that it was…but how could she
be certain?

A
calendar! That's what she needed…a lunar calendar maybe. They had to have one
here…was this not a wizard's library?

Angela
took off practically running in search…she was so close…so close. She forced
herself to calm down. She didn't really know anything yet; she supposed there
were lots of other reasons for Remus' behavior. 'But then again…why haven't I
found another reason?' a voice in her head whispered to her.

'There
it is! Just what I need!' She grabbed the calendar and scurried back to her
table. She tore through the pages of the calendar and found December. She found
the day she was looking for and sure enough, it had been a full moon. She
gasped involuntarily.

'This
was it,' she thought, 'but when else was he gone? Come on think!' It was the
night she first became suspicious of him…when was that?

'The
Quidditch match! Remus' grandmother had died! Or at least that was what he told
us…' Remus had been lying to them all, at least if her findings were correct.
Oh, but when was the Quidditch game? November? Yes, that was it…November…a
weekend in November. She remembered that and she remembered that weekend, it
had been such an exciting time. She looked it up on the calendar and felt her
heart skip a beat when she saw that it also had been the full moon.

'Could
be coincidences…could mean anything…' When else? When else had he disappeared?
When…when…she stopped. Before Halloween, before they had stolen the potion.
That's right…they had been talking about stealing the potion and Sirius wanted
to do it as soon as possible…that weekend he said. But Remus couldn't…he had to
leave. She couldn't remember the date…she did know about when though, was that
near a full moon? She looked and…yes it was right about that time.

'October,
November, December…what about September?' It felt like ages ago, how could she
remember? 'Think Angela! You were so excited to be at Hogwarts…to have finally
arrived. What do you remember? When was Remus just not there.' It was so hard
to remember and now her brain felt scattered in so many different directions. Still…she
had to remember, she just had to.

Then
it came to her…they had to tell Remus what had happened the night before
because he wasn't there. She remembered that conversation, but what had been
about? Something had happened, but what was it?

Snape!
Snape had turned her hair green! That was it! That was when they became so
determined to get back at Snape. And that was just a couple weeks into the
term! The calendar told her that it was just about the right time for the full
moon. She didn't have the exact date, but something in her mind told her that
she was right.

Everything
fit, true she didn't have completely perfect evidence, but she had enough that
she was convinced. She now knew Remus' secret, she knew the truth…Remus Lupin
was a werewolf.

But
now what?

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

A/N: The truth is finally known! To one person at
least…get ready for a domino effect. Please review!

Thanks to… 

Neoma- I'm glad you're enjoying my story! Always
good to see. Thanks very much for reviewing!

I-Love-Moony- Ah! New reviewer I see! Welcome! I'm
glad you've liked the story so far and I hope you like this one as well.

Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous
chapters, it is most appreciated. 

















--------












A/N: I'm so sorry for making you guys wait so long!
Time just seems to fly by these days. I think…hmm, I should finish that chapter
that I started A MONTH AGO! But then when I get on the computer, somehow I end
up reading fan fiction instead of writing it. Do you know…I had all but the
last two paragraphs of this chapter written just a night after I posted the
last chapter. I thought I was going to write a lot more in this chapter, but
when I finally sat down to write it, I decided that it need to end. Anyway,
sorry again! You know that thing that people say when they're challenging
someone to a sword fight? You know, like 'On Guard!' Only I have a feeling
that's not it. I don't know what that really is so it's just 'On guard' in this
story. Ok?

Disclaimer: Where do I even begin?

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 29- Boys Will Be Boys…Boys Who Have Pillow
Fights

"WAKE
UP!" Sirius woke with a jump and fell of his bed. He peeked over the side of
his bed to find Remus, laughing hid head off. Remus had decided that scaring
Sirius awake would be nice payback for Sirius' previous jumping on the bed
incident and of course, what better time than early Christmas morning? Sirius
did not seem to appreciate it. 

"You
had better run Lupin!" Which is exactly what Remus had intended to do until he
saw Sirius make a move to get off the floor, tangle himself in his blankets and
fall flat on his face once more. This of course, sent Remus into another fit of
laughter and he was unable to run.

Sirius
got angrier and tried again to pick himself up; this time he succeeded.

"Bloody
hell!" Remus cried when he realized that Sirius was coming at him. Remus darted
away, but Sirius followed close behind.

"You
can run! But you can't hide!" Sirius shouted. He almost had Remus cornered in
between James and Peter's beds. Remus made left towards Peter's bed, but dodges
our of the way and Sirius is sent flying though Peter's bed curtains, bringing
them down over the top of himself and Peter. Remus hears Peter cry out in
anguish. 'Sirius must have landed on top of the poor boy.' Remus thought.

"Oy!
What's going on?" James asked sleepily. He now stood behind Remus watching the
two lumps underneath Peter's curtain.

"Mww
ooo eeelllie gwt!" Came a voice from within.

"What
was that? I don't think I caught it." Remus asked, still laughing, Sirius
emerged suddenly, huffing and puffing.

"I
said, now you're really in for it!" Sirius had an evil glint in his eye that
cued Remus to back away. Remus threw James in front of himself for protection.

"Hey!
Don't put me in the middle!" James protested and ran away. Sirius' grin grew
wider and he slowly stepped toward Remus. Remus stepped beck in response, but
there really wasn't anywhere for him to go. Then he got and idea; he felt
behind his back for James pillow. He grabbed the pillow and whipped it out in
front of him.

"On
guard!" Remus cried. Sirius had the urge to burst out laughing, but he wasn't
through with his retribution.

"You
dare to challenge me?" Sirius asked indignantly. "You dare challenge Siri…" He
was cut off by a pillow in the face. He was so surprised by this that he was
sent sprawling backwards into Peter, who had only just been able to release
himself from the entrapment of his curtains. They both flew back onto Peter's
bed, giving Remus the chance to run away.

Sirius
grabbed Peter's pillow and bolted after Remus. Sirius chased Remus around the
room for quite awhile until Remus grew tired finally whipped around to face
Sirius. Sirius couldn't stop himself in time and he flew into Remus. They landed
on the floor with a thud.

"I
have you now!" Sirius cried and began bombarding Remus with pillow attacks.
This went on for a minute or two until Remus threw Sirius off of him and
scrambled away. He again ran to James to hide behind. James was laughing to
hard to realize the danger of this situation. Sirius chased Remus around James
in a circle, occasionally hitting James trying to get Remus.

"Why
is it always me?" James complained and ducked out. Sirius and began hitting
each other unmercifully and both tried to move away. They had Peter backed up
against a wall. Sirius took a big swing and knocked Remus back a bit.

"Ha-ha!
You can't defeat me" Remus got ready to retaliate, which Sirius saw and he
ducked just before Remus' pillow clobbered him. Instead, Remus ended up
smacking Peter who was right behind Sirius. Remus' eyes widened in shock.

"Oooo…sorry
Peter!" Remus said guiltily. Peter grumbled.

"Oh
Remus!" Remus turned around to find both Sirius and James, with pillows, coming
towards him. Soon they were in a three way, every-man-for-himself, pillow
fight, Soon, however, they realized that there was loud laughter coming from
outside their fold. They saw Peter sitting on the floor, crying with laughter.
The three boys exchanged a mischievous look and crept towards Peter. He never
knew what hit him.

They
chased each other around the room until Sirius tripped over something,
something he hadn't noticed before.

"Presents!"
This halted everything; pillows lay forgotten as the boys dug into their
presents.



"What
in the name of merlin happened in here?" Angela exclaimed. She had gotten
lonely in the girls' dormitory; both Lily and Cassandra had gone home. She had
decided to sneak up to the boys' dormitory, however she was not prepared for
the sight of ruin before her. Pillows were thrown every which way along with
blankets, curtains, wrapping paper…and just about anything else you can think
of.

"Happy
Christmas Angel-Cake!" cried Sirius happily. He was in such a good mood that he
could even stand to be nice to her for a change. The others wished her happy
Christmas as well and she gave a little smile.

"Happy
Christmas." Angela greeted absently. This was the first time she had been
anywhere near Remus since she found out about…you know. She felt bad about
avoiding him, but she still felt so conflict in what to think about it all. She
couldn't stand to be alone on Christmas day though, and so she decided to try
and forget it for the moment.

"Come
sit with us Angela!" Remus invited. She smiled again and joined them. She sat
as far from Remus as she could without looking suspicious. Perhaps forgetting
wouldn't be so easy.

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

A/N: I not sure how this chapter will be received.
I know you all were probably waiting to see what happens with the werewolf
thing, but this chapter just kind of popped out first. More on the werewolf
plot next time! Please review!

Thanks to… 

Neoma- Yes I wish I was a wizard too…oh the fun I'd
have at my school…

I-Love-Moony- Sorry it took so long to get this up.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter!

SiriusXRemusDracoXRonRAWX- I'm glad you enjoyed the
story so far! I hope come back and read more!

Tara- Well, not to much of Angela in this chapter,
but the next one should have more of her reaction…I think. I just needed to get
through Christmas.

CLuMzYaZnGrL106- You brave soul! I don't think I'll
ever bring myself to read the 5th book AGAIN! It was devastating the
first time! If Lupin were to die in the 6th or 7th book I
think I would burn all my Harry Potter books. Well…at least 5 and up. Anyway,
I'm glad you've enjoyed the story.

Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous
chapters, it is most appreciated. 



















--------












A/N: Alright then, another chapter delivered. Yay!
Lookie! This is the 30th chapter…and I'm STILL writing the 1st
year. Oh well…

Disclaimer: I own this fan fiction, nothing more.

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 30- January

The
following weeks were very tense. Angela hardly spoke a word to Remus and always
made sure not to sit or stand near him. She would often go completely out of
her way not to be near him. She couldn't explain why, she just didn't want to
even see him now. He wasn't who she thought he was and some part of her
actually feared Remus.

She
tried to be discreet, but no one failed to notice how Angela was behaving,
Remus was especially affected by this. Yet no one really said anything about
it…that is until Remus disappeared again. Then they got the idea that, with
Remus out of the way for a bit, Angela would feel free to talk. However,
approaching her was not well handled.

"So
what exactly is your problem?" Sirius asked bluntly in Herbology. They were
listening to the professor lecture and Sirius had made sure to be near Angela.
Angela didn't raise her eyes to meet Sirius'. She only shrugged and answered,

"I
don't know what you mean." Sirius snorted.

"Oh
don't play dumb with me! You're dumb enough without pretending." Angela scowled
at him, but Sirius plunged on. "You've been acting strange and I want to know
why!" Angela sighed.

"It's
nothing…really. Forget it."

"But…"

"Mr.
Black, Ms. Pierce, please pay attention! If you don't handle these plants just
right, it can be fatal! Don't want to go poisoning yourselves, do you?" The
Herbology professor scolded.

"No
ma'am." Sirius and Angela answered and dropped the conversation…for the moment.



However,
Sirius wasn't the only one to wonder about Angela's behavior. Later that day
Lily and Cassandra cornered her in the girl's dormitory.

"You
can tell us you know. If you have a problem with Remus…well, he's not here now
and we won't tell him…we just want to know what's wrong. You can talk to us."
Lily offered.

"Nothing
is wrong!" Angela huffed. "Honestly! You're making a big deal out of nothing!"
Angela pretended to do her homework, so they let her be. She really was growing
tired of this.



Then
after dinner, Sirius decided to have another crack at it, bringing Peter along
for support. Well…actually Peter just kind of followed and watched.

 Unfortunately, this attempt just turned into
another insult war and in a matter of minutes, both Sirius and Angela were
stalking away angrily, almost forgetting what they were originally fighting
about. Not that Sirius forgot or gave up completely. The next morning at
breakfast he made sure to sit next to Angela so that he could interrogate her
further. For him it was now a game of how long it would take before she finally
gave up.

"Tell
me."

"No."

"Tell
me."

"No!"

"Tell
me!"

"NO!
Now will you leave me alone! You're driving me up a wall!" Sirius scowled at
Angela.

"Look,
whatever it is, you've acted shameful toward Remus and it's about time you
confessed! So out with it!" Sirius demanded.

"It's
none of your business, is it?! If there were a problem, which I'm not saying
that there is, it's between me and Remus! For once, Sirius, will you please
keep your fat head out of my business."

"But…"

"Leave
me alone!" Angela stomped away, looking thoroughly ruffled.



Angela
ran to the Gryffindor common room, hoping for a moment's peace.

"He'll
never leave you alone you know." Angela whipped around to see James leaning
against and armchair. He had followed her.

James
had been the only one not to approach Angela. He too was curious, but he didn't
think that antagonizing her would do any good. So he watched her and tried to
come up with the answer from his own observations. He didn't really come up
with any answers, except that she looked troubled and a bit weary, like there
was a constant worry in her mind…but what did that have to do with Remus?
James' curiosity had gotten the better of him this morning and decided he might
as well have a crack at her.

"So
you've come to harass me as well, is that it?" Angela asked angrily. She didn't
really think it was anyone's business what she did.

          "I didn't say that." James said simply.

"But
that's what you've come to do, isn't it?" James sighed.

"Can't
you just tell us what's wrong? You may not realize it, but been really rude
Remus lately. He's afraid it's something he's done."

"Maybe
he has. Did you ever think about that?" Angela bluffed.

"Yes…"
James admitted slowly, "but I don't think he has. I'm right aren't I?" Angela
looked away, but didn't say anything. "So what is it then? Does it have to do
with your little investigation of him? What did you find out?" Angela quickly
looked back at James.

"Oh
so now you're interested? When I tried to come to you all before, no one wanted
to hear about what I thought. No one wanted to hear that there might be
something wrong with Remus. Now when you think I've figured it out, you
suddenly want to talk?"

"No!
Well…that is to say…I…It's not that…we all just want to know why you've been
acting like you have. All I was asking was if it had something to do with your
suspicions, that's all." Angela was quiet for a moment and then she mumbled
something. "What was that?"

"Yes!
I found something, alright?" James furrowed his eyebrows. Truth be told, he
didn't really think that she would have found anything. He was just hoping that
he could stumble on to the real reason she was so cold lately.

"What
is it?" he asked simply.

"Yes,
Angela, what did you find?!" Angela and James turned and both gasped, finding a
very angry Remus. Apparently he had been sitting in an armchair near the
fireplace the whole time. He wasn't entirely thrilled to be the topic of such a
conversation…and he had a feeling he knew what Angela had discovered. Later he
would be terrified that she would tell all, but for now, anger was the only
thing that registered in his mind.

Angela
didn't know what to say. For a moment she even considered the possibility that
her findings could be wrong. It was a fleeting hope; when she saw the fresh
cuts and bruises on his face, she knew that she wasn't mistaken. Somewhere in
the back of her mind she thought 'January'. She suddenly wished she had never
gone looking for this trouble.

Remus
was growing impatient waiting for her to reply.

"What?
No answer?! Can't you remember what you found…when you were looking through my
personal business…that made you avoid me so?! Speak would you?!" 

Angela
hadn't seen Remus this angry before, well except that time in Craig's office,
but that was different…that anger hadn't been directed toward her. She was
afraid of this new Remus…or was this just the real Remus? The real werewolf
Remus. She thought maybe this is why all those books made werewolves out to be
monsters. She felt sick for even thinking such a thought about her 'friend',
but what if that's the truth? Angela felt tears in her eyes and before either
James or Remus could say anything more, she turned and ran to the girls'
dormitory, where neither could follow. She cried herself to sleep and missed
her classes for the day.

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

A/N: Short chapter, I know. I've been busy lately!
I'm trying to write more often, honest! Please review!

Thanks to… 

Neoma

Rotae

Stormey-Skye

Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous
chapters, it is most appreciated. 















--------












A/N: You'll be happy to know that I have the next
two, maybe even three chapters all written, just have to type them up. I can't
wait! I'm swamped with homework right now so I'm not sure when I'm going to get
them posted. It's strange, it seems like I'll go through a period of time when
none of my teachers give out homework and then, all of a sudden, they all gang
up on me and give bunches of homework AT THE SAME TIME! Why can't they just
spread it out evenly?

Disclaimer: I am proud to say that this story is
mine! However, the backdrop and many of the characters are not.

The Whole Story by Ebony Ice 

CHAPTER 31- Friendships in Turmoil

Remus
felt betrayed. He knew that he didn't have any right to feel that way, that he
should have expected Angela's reaction, but somehow it still stung.

When
Remus first came to Hogwarts, he knew that he couldn't really ever form lasting
friendships because sooner or later his friends would find out just exactly
what he was and then they would turn from him. However, he had hoped that this
revelation would come later rather than sooner.

Angela
didn't come to classes the day he had yelled at her and Remus decided it was
probably because she was too terrified to be anywhere near him. Why did he have
to yell at her? He knew that he had made the situation ten times worse by
yelling at her, but he couldn't help it, he had been angry.

Even
now, a couple weeks later, Angela still avoided him like the plague. He
pretended that it didn't matter, but it did, it mattered a lot to him.

The
others didn't really mention the subject, Remus got the feeling that James had
talked to the rest of them and told them to be careful around Remus and Angela.

However,
Remus didn't think Angela had told anyone the real reason for their dissent. If
she had, surely Remus would have been kicked out of his dormitory by James,
Sirius and Peter. This caused Remus a great deal of confusion…why hadn't she
told everyone about him? Was she afraid to let people know that she had been
snooping into other peoples' business? Surely that wouldn't been an issue after
they found out just what his business was…so why hadn't she said anything?

Then
there was always some hope buried in the back of Remus' mind, hope that Angela
didn't really know his secret at all. After all, she only said that she had
found out what his secret was...she never actually said what the secret was out
loud…maybe she had come to the wrong conclusion. That didn't make sense though,
because what could possibly be so bad that she wouldn't talk to him if it
wasn't that he was a werewolf?

These
thoughts made Remus' head spin and he found himself wishing he had never come
to Hogwarts…which was ridiculous since these past few months had been the best
of his life. Still, he now felt like he had been given the greatest gift in the
world, only to have the threat of losing it all hang constantly over his head.
It was rather tiring.

The
thing that troubled Remus the most was the uncertainty and so, when he finally
couldn't handle it anymore, he decided it was time to have a chat with his
former friend.

As
for Angela's state, she felt like a nervous wreck. Just being around Remus was
troubling to her. She hated to admit it, but she was afraid of him, even more
so since he had lost his temper with her. At first her fear had stemmed out of
the fact that she knew nothing about werewolves, except of course what she had
read in books. Now she had experience with the bad side of a werewolf's temper
and she could make up her own mind whether or not to be afraid. She was definitely
afraid.

It
pained her greatly to admit this fear for two reasons. One, because she had
never seen herself as a person to be easily frightened. In fact, she prided
herself on being able to stand up against anyone. The second reason was that
Remus had been a good friend up until that one day. She didn't want to believe
that he could be dangerous, but how could she ignore his actions?

Then
again, whenever she thought of this, a voice in her head asked her if she would
have been so afraid of him if he weren't a werewolf. What if he wasn't a dark
creature? Would his outburst still frighten her so? Sirius got angry all the
time and she certainly wasn't afraid of him…so why was she so intimidated by
Remus? She told herself that Remus just simply was more fearsome when he was
angry, more dangerous even, but did she only think that because she knew what
he was?

She
didn't know how to sort her feelings out, but she did know that things couldn't
go on the way they were forever and sooner or later, the whole situation would
explode and she wasn't sure how it was going to end. For the moment she was
happy to leave it as is, ignoring the problem as best she could. Remus had also
seemed okay with this arrangement, that's why when he came to her and asked if
they could talk, she was so in shock.

They
decided to go for a walk outside, to be away from prying ears.

"So
what exactly did you want Remus?" Angela said after a minute. She was eager to
get to the bottom of thing so that she could go inside…it was cold!

Remus
gulped, it was now or never.

"I
was just wondering…well…I know how you've been avoiding me and I just…I want to
know…I mean I think I know…but I'm not sure." Angela was getting annoyed. Why
was he now acting so timid? She had seen the real Remus…or had she?

"Spit
it out Remus, my teeth are beginning to chatter." Remus shivered, not so much
from the cold weather, but from Angela's icy tone. He took a deep breath and
began again.

"Well,
you said you knew my secret right?" Angela was taken aback by this question, but
still she nodded. "Err…I guess I just wanted to know exactly what you think my
secret is…because I think it would be a shame for us to stop talking if you
don't even have the right reason."

Angela
was a little insulted by this…did he think that she would act the way she was
without a good reason? Did he think she wasn't smart enough to figure his
secret out? Sure it took her a little while, but considering she didn't even
know werewolves existed, she thought she had been rather quick in her
discovery.

"Why
Remus? Do you have that many secrets that you can't even keep track of them
anymore?" She didn't know why she said it, but she regretted it immediately.
Hurt flashed through Remus' eyes, but he quickly turned his head away so that
she couldn't see. "Remus, I…I know that you are…I know that you are a werewolf!
There are you happy?" Angela then proceeded to turn and run back to the castle,
she didn't want to be there in case Remus blew up again. She also felt a little
strange about saying that out loud…embarrassed almost.

There
went Remus' hopes of Angela mistaking his secret.

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

A/N: Angela Angela, Angela…tsk tsk! Well, I hope to
have the next chapter up soon. Please review!

Thanks to… 

Neoma – Yay! New chappie!

Rotae – I hope this helps with your Remus
addiction. ;-)  More next chapter!

Someone – Hey! Welcome back! Don't worry, I total
understand your plight with junior year…I'm a junior too. Don't feel bad for
not reviewing, I know you're busy. I'm just happy you're back! I was beginning
to wonder if you were alive… :-) 

Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous
chapters, it is most appreciated. 















--------












A/N: Sorry this took so long, it's been a long
couple of weeks. Anyway, I actually had a different chapter written for this
update, but I decided to do this a little differently. The next chapter should
be up soon, I think. I have another chapter written already, but now I think I
might want to add something in between this one and that one. Anyway, I hope to
have that done in the next couple days, maybe even tomorrow (hopefully).Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or anything
having to do with Harry Potter. But you already knew that didn't you?The Whole Story by Ebony IceCHAPTER 32- It's All Fun and Games Until Someone
Gets Hurt"What are those?"Lily looked up and saw James hovering over her,
looking perplexed."They're muggle playing cards." She explained as
she shuffled the cards. Remus was also looking at her strangely."What do they do?" Remus asked as he watched her
carefully."They don't do anything. You play games with
them…like go fish.""But…where are the fish?" James asked dumbly. Lily
shook her head and chuckled to herself."Never mind." She carefully began stacking the
cards one-by-one into a house. James and Remus watched her every move,
fascinated by the muggle cards and the skill of Lily's hands. They were soon
joined by Sirius and Peter. Peter joined James and Remus in their fascination,
but Sirius did not find the simple building of a card house all that
interesting."I'm bored!" He said after a few minutes."So go find someone to bother, Sirius." James said
without looking at him. "How do you keep them up like that? Is it magic?" Lily
shook her head."No, you just have to know how to balance them."
Lily said with a sly smile. The three boys nodded in agreement."Hello! I said I'm bored! Let's do something!"
Sirius said waving his hands around."You know Sirius, contrary to what you may believe,
the world doesn't revolve around your state of activity. Maybe you should learn
how to entertain yourself." James said, causing Sirius to huff angrily."What's so great about you stupid house thing
anyway? Anyone can do that.""I can't." Peter said. Sirius glared at Peter for
being unhelpful."You don't count Peter. Now listen," Sirius ignored
a protest from Peter and continued, "I think we should all go prank the
Slytherins.""Sirius, we prank the Slytherins practically
everyday." Remus said."Right, and we haven't done so today, so let's go.""No, I want to watch.""Me too." James agreed."Me three." Peter added. Sirius sighed frustratedly
and picked up a stack of Lily's cards."Look, there's nothing to it." Sirius began placing
cards in various odd positions on Lily's house. "You just put one here, one
there.""Sirius!" Lily cried as the house began to wobble."See, it's really not that interesting, anyone do
it. Now can we…" Sirius was interrupted by the card houses crumbling flat onto
the table. "Oops." Lily looked angry and pulled out her wand."You better run Sirius." Lily warned. Sirius put up
his hand in defense."Now Lily, you're the nice one remember, you
wouldn't hex me, would you?" But he saw the glint in her eye and knew that she
would."Run Sirius!" Peter shouted, and Sirius did. Lily
chased him around throwing hexes at him. Sirius was scared, he knew Lily was
good in Charms and he didn't have much of a shot while running around in the common
room. He never knew Lily could be so aggressive! Then again, he hadn't really
ever messed with her before. He decided to keep this little incident in mind
for later. He wasn't sure that he liked an angry Lily.Luckily for Sirius, a distraction in the form of
Angela and Cassandra entered the common room. Sirius quickly ducked behind
Angela and held her in front of him for protection."Sirius, what are you doing?" Angela demanded,
watching as Lily came toward her and Sirius, looking down right deadly."It's Lily, she's gone mad! I think you've had a
bad influence on her." Sirius whispered. Angela scowled for a moment, but met
Lily's eyes and turned her scowl into a grin."Aww, poor Dog-Boy needs protection?" Sirius
grimaced at the nickname, but made a small affirming noise. "Too bad." Angela
said abruptly, wrenched herself from Sirius grip and stood aside. Lily
immediately took the opportunity available, Sirius would have a pink face for
quite a few hours to come.The others were all laughing uncontrollably, in
part because Sirius kept trying, in vain, to make indignant faces. It just made
the color of his skin look all the more comical. A few jokes were thrown
Sirius' way by Angela and James, causing the others to giggle all the more.
Lily looked quite satisfied.As soon as the laughter died down, Cassandra,
Sirius and Lily sat down by the others and began chatting away. Angela,
however, hesitated, which did not go unnoticed by Remus. He wondered if she
really believed that he would do something to her. The truth was, she wasn't so
much afraid that Remus would hurt her. Even though she had been losing some
sleep over the matter, she was pretty sure he wouldn't hurt her, at least not
with the rest of their friends around, but she was a little uncomfortable around
him, even more so since their last conversation. Luckily for them both, Lily
got an idea of how to cure Sirius' boredom."I have an idea! Let's go outside, it's not too
awfully cold." she suggested."No! No! Definitely not! I am not going anywhere
looking like this!" Sirius griped. "People will see me!""Come on Sirius, are you saying that you're afraid
of what people will think? Maybe you're a little afraid of that little
Slytherin girl seeing you." James asked, once again at the verge of laughter."No!" Sirius said immediately. "It's just that I
don't fancy getting my butt beaten today.""We'll protect you. Let's go. You did say that you
wanted to do something!" James reminded him. He then grabbed Sirius' arm and
began dragging him out of the common room. The others got up and followed, but
Angela stayed rooted in her spot."Aren't you coming?" Lily asked. Angela took a deep
breath and then she too followed. She wasn't about to be left out just because
Remus was going, too.When they got outside, they discovered that there
was still some left over snow on the ground, but it was in fact not that cold,
at least not for February."Hey Remus!" Remus turned around and was hit in the
face with a snowball. Remus wiped his face with his arm and saw James grinning
at him. This meant war. He packed a snowball and threw it at James, hitting him
just below the chin. Soon the whole group was in on the snowball fight, with
every man for himself. Shouting and screaming and laughter could be heard
across the grounds, but they didn't care, they were having too much fun.Remus was soaked to the bone, but he had never felt
warmer. 'This is how life should always be,' he thought, 'just having fun with
friends.' Even Angela seemed to forget her worries and conflicts with Remus.
She even stood close to him for a duration of the fight. It was a good time,
but good times don't last forever.Angela and Remus were nearly back to back in the
fight without even realizing it. What happened next, it was hard to tell, Remus
had just hit Sirius in the back of the head and was laughing hysterically.
Sirius didn't find it so funny and all Remus saw before being tackled to the
ground was a pink blur. He was thrown back into Angela. Angela didn't even know
what hit her until she and Remus were on top of each other, struggling to
regain their senses. Remus accidently threw his arm sideways and hit Angela in
the nose, causing it to bleed furiously. Angela cried out in pain and Remus
managed to pull himself off of her. Remus paled at the sight of Angela with a
bloody nose and a furious look."Oh my…are you okay?" Remus reached out to try and
help her, but she smacked it away. Remus' stomach clenched and he knew that
this would not be good."Stay away!" The others looked at her a little
stunned."Angela, it wasn't his fault, I…" Sirius began, but
Angela wasn't really listening. She suddenly remembered why she had been
avoiding Remus, he was dangerous. He could hurt people…he hurt her. Somewhere,
deep inside her mind, she knew that it wasn't really Remus' fault, that it
wasn't even really Sirius' fault, but she wasn't thinking about that at the
moment. She was more focused on the pain and blood coming from her nose and the
freezing cold she felt all over her body. She felt tired, irritable and the strong
urge to cry, though she hid it well."Shut up Sirius!" Angela shouted. At this point,
James had had enough. He knew that Angela and Remus were fighting, but this was
just ridiculous!"Angela, I don't know what you're problem is, but
get over it! Remus was trying to help you!" Angela snorted, which sent a sharp
pain threw her entire head."Help me! He was the one who hurt me!""That wasn't even his fault!" James said angrily."James, just leave it." Remus pleaded."No! She has no right to talk to you like that! You
were just being kind.""If you don't mind, I'm still bleeding here, I'd
like to go to the hospital wing now." Angela said, rising slowly to her feet,
wavering for just a moment."Maybe if you had accepted Remus' help, you would
have been there already!" James said, not willing to let her off the hook so
easily."I don't need any of his help, thank you
very much!""What is wrong with his help? What did he
ever do to you?" James asked, gesturing madly toward Remus. "All he did was try
to help!""Well, he lied first of all!" Angela shouted
without thinking. This took James aback and he floundered for a minute. "Oh
that's right, you don't know because he is still lying to you!" Angela looked
around and added, "all of you!" Remus watched in horror, this was it, this was
the end. He could do nothing more than watch the train wreck occur, he didn't
even think he could speak if he wanted to."What?" Cassandra asked quietly, not daring to
believe the accusation."That's right! You all take his side, I know you
do! Remus isn't as kind and perfect as you all think. He has his flaws too.
He's human just like us…sort of." The others were in almost a trance now, they
had been wondering about the fight between Angela and Remus and now they were
on the verge of figuring it all out and somehow they weren't sure if they
really wanted to hear what had happened, afraid that it might be too terrible
to bear."What do you mean 'sort of'?" Peter asked timidly."I mean he's not exactly human, not like us!" Remus
felt like someone had punched his stomach…no, not even his stomach…his heart.
She was right of course, he wasn't really a normal human. He wasn't really like
them, he could pretend, but that didn't change the facts. The others just
stared on, not really understanding."What…" Sirius began, but Remus cut him off."I'm a werewolf." It had taken all his strength to
say this and now that he did, he felt empty, like that was the last thing he
would ever say to his friends. He was met with only silence and he just
couldn't take it anymore, He turned and ran from them, back to the castle. He
wouldn't let them see him cry, ever.Angela just stood there. She couldn't believe what
she had just done. The first thought that popped in her mind was, 'poor Remus'.
Her mind was back to its' normal functioning order, but now she was left with
the damage done by her own carelessness. She tried to reason with herself that
she had only told the truth and that maybe they deserved to know. They should
know the danger they could be in, right? Somewhere in the back of her mind, a
voice asked 'what danger?', but she ignored it and began walking toward the
castle, she really did need to do something about her nose.No one said anything and for a long time, no one
moved. No one knew quite what to think and they all suddenly felt very, very
alone.A/N: Okay, so another chapter completed. Yay! I'm
sorry for making you guys wait so long for chapters, but I've been really busy
lately. Please review!Thanks to… cyberian-otter – Yes,
poor Remus, and it just keeps getting worse, doesn't it. Don't worry! I love
Remus too much to keep up this torture for long!Wydinel Sheergale – Thank you for your support! I wasn't really
sure how people would react to the whole 'Angela doesn't react all perfect and
loving' thing. I've read a lot of stories with that scenario and know that for
the most part it doesn't really ring true for everyone just to immediately
accept Remus for what he is. I'm glad you liked it.Someone – Yes, she told everyone! Well…actually Remus told
everyone, but close enough. Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Good luck
with prom and all that!Rotae – You called me a silly girl…hmmm…well, I guess I am so
that's okay! I'm glad to help with your Remus addiction, I understand perfectly
as I have an addiction to both Remus and Sirius!Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous
chapters, it is most appreciated.









--------












A/N: I can't find a job…this sucks! Sorry.
Anyway…so I spent some of my jobless time writing this story. At least I was
being halfway productive. I don't know if you remember that Cassandra is a
Seer, but know that she is, not like a super gifted and in control Seer, but a
Seer nonetheless. Also remember that Sirius was born in a muggle family because
I started this story before the 5ht book came out and I was too lazy to change
it afterwards.Disclaimer: I disclaim allThe Whole Story by Ebony IceCHAPTER 33- Talking Things OutNo
one saw Remus the rest of that day, presumably he was avoiding them."Maybe
we should look for him." Cassandra suggested when he didn't show up for dinner
(Angela didn't show up either, but no one seemed very concerned). The others
pondered this notion for a moment, but James quickly discarded this idea."I
don't think he wants to be found right now, he looked pretty upset." The others
nodded slowly. James lowered his voice so that even those sitting right next to
him could barely hear him. "Besides, what are we supposed to say to him?" No
one knew the answer to that question; the whole thing really was shocking.Cassandra
wasn't sure if she should say what she was thinking, that they shouldn't judge
Remus by this anomaly. She knew werewolves weren't really a very popular group
in the wizarding world, but then again, neither were Seers. She wonders how
they would react if they knew what she was. True, Seers weren't as
dangerous…mostly, but still… She found herself rooting for Remus in her mind,
hoping that he would be accepted this group, he didn't deserve to be cast
aside. She took a deep breath and decided to speak her mind…sort of."I
think…we should tell him what we think, no beating around the bush, it only
makes things more confusing.""Okay…"
James said a little apprehensively."But
first, I was wondering…what do you all think?" They looked around at each other
as if asking permission to speak their own thoughts."I
think…" James began, "I think we should wait until we're somewhere private to
talk about this." He said, eyeing a couple of 2nd year Gryffindors,
who were paying close attention to the group since they saw the way James and
Cassandra were whispering. "I think we owe him at least a little privacy."
Cassandra nodded in agreement, she was actually encouraged by James'
consideration, but wouldn't let her get ahead of herself.After
dinner, they returned to the common room, hoping for some privacy, but had no
such luck. People had started to pay attention to this group of 1st
years because of their constant pranks, a feat that Sirius and James were
particularly proud of. On the downside, people seemed to be frequently
listening into their private conversations, hoping to get hint at what the next
big prank would be.Lily
suggested they move to an empty classroom that she and Remus had stumbled upon
a few days before. They needed to use James' invisibility cloak to get around
and it was a tight fit with all of them, but somehow they did it and even made
it to the classroom without tripping, albeit very slowly."Whew!
Someone needs to take a shower!" James said after removing the cloak. He looked
accusingly toward Peter who just shrugged."What?""Alright
then…" Cassandra said, changing the subject, "I still want to know what everyone
thinks about this." Sirius looked at her oddly."Who
made you moderator?"  Cassandra
shrugged."It
was just a question." She muttered."So
this is real then, the werewolf thing?" Lily asked. Being muggle-born, she was
always told that werewolves were just fairytales."Yeah…it
makes sense really. I mean, look at all the times he disappeared, it was
probably because of the full moon." James reasoned."And
remember all the scratches and things that Angela was always going on about?
Those were probably from his transformations as well." Cassandra added. She
wondered idly how they all had managed to ignore Angela's suspicions when the
signs that something was wrong was staring them right in the face."I
don't even know…I mean…werewolves! I had a hard enough time comprehending I was
a witch!" Lily said incredulously. Sirius nodded in understanding."My
mom used to tell me that werewolves were dangerous. She used to say that they
didn't belong in normal society." Peter said, somewhat absently."My
neighbor used to tell me the same thing. When I was a little boy, he used to
tell me horror stories about werewolves hunting me down at night while I was
sleeping and eating me. I had nightmares for years." James said, shivering at
the memory. Sirius scrunched up his face."You
were afraid that werewolves were going to hunt specifically you, break into
your house and eat you?"  James blushed."Well
I was young…" he mumbled."But
you're not afraid now, are you James?" Cassandra asked."Well
no, not really…""And
he's been in your dormitory for months now. Has he tried to eat you? Any of
you?" Cassandra gagged at the mere absurdity of the question. Of course he
hadn't tried to eat them, it was Remus!"No."
James answered and Sirius and Peter shook their heads."Well
there you have it." Sirius, Peter and Lily still looked troubled while James
just looked thoughtful."I
don't want to be the ignorant muggle-born here, but I really don't know whether
to trust Remus or not." The others looked at Sirius with a little surprise.
None of them had seen with such seriousness etched in his features. He was
usually only serious when he was angry…or afraid.  "I mean, I don't know anything about werewolves to be honest and
I don't know if they're dangerous or not. I don't want to believe Remus is
dangerous, he's been a good friend so far, but…people lie, don't they? Then
again, Dumbledore wouldn't let him live in our dormitory if he was dangerous,
would he? Unless…Dumbledore doesn't know?" James waved his hand, dismissing
this idea."No,
all werewolves have to be registered. Dumbledore has to know.""Right.
But on the other hand, why would everyone make such a big deal about werewolves
if there wasn't some truth to the danger? I mean, look at how you all reacted.
It wasn't as if he said, 'Hey I'm werewolf' and you all said 'Okay, want to go
play chess now?', you know? You guys are the ones that should know about this,
since you grew up knowing werewolves were real." Sirius finished his rambling
and focused mainly on James, but also on Cassandra and Peter. He wanted an
answer to this dilemma from them, being that they were brought up in the
wizarding world. Was it really fair to ask him what he thought when he didn't
know anything about the subject at hand?James
sighed, how could he answer that? There was of course some danger involving
werewolves or, as Sirius said, it wouldn't be such a big deal. Luckily he
didn't have to answer that question, Cassandra did it for him."People
are afraid because there is some danger." Sirius' head dropped. She had
the feeling that Sirius was waiting for someone to tell him that it would all
be okay and that this didn't change anything. Secretly she wanted to be told
the same thing, but she knew it wasn't as simple as that. "It's only during the
full moon though, during their transformations. That's the only time that
werewolves are dangerous. I mean think of Remus…have you ever even seen him
angry…really angry?""Yes."
James said suddenly and all eyes were on him. "Well…Angela and I were talking
and we didn't know that Remus was listening and…he was really mad." Lily's brow
furrowed."What
were you talking about?" Lily asked."Erm…about
him. About his secret. I think Angela was about to tell me about it and then
Remus just…well he was angry, we'll leave it at that.""Of
course he was angry! Wouldn't you be angry if you found your 'friends' sitting
around gossiping about you?" Cassandra threw up her hands in frustration. It
wouldn't do them any good to analyze every little action Remus has ever made,
especially when those actions are justified."You
asked us if we had ever seen him really angry!""Well
I could ask you if you if you had ever seen Sirius angry and what would you
say.""Of
course I have! He gets into a fight with…someone at least once a week!""Hey!"
Sirius sat straight up and tried to look insulted."It's
true isn't it?" Sirius seemed to think for a moment and then just nodded in
agreement."I
don't think this is helping." Lily said suddenly. "I don't feel like I know
anything more than I did a half an hour ago. I think we need to talk to Remus,
he's the only one who really has the answers.""Will
he even want to answer us?" Peter wondered out loud. "It didn't seem
like he was very eager to talk about it." James shrugged."We'll
deal with that when we come to it. For now, I don't really want to talk about
it anymore, I'm tired." James, Cassandra, Lily and Peter all started to get up
to leave, assuming that their meeting was over, but Sirius called them to a
halt."What
about Angela?" he asked. They hadn't talked to her yet, but they already knew
that she hadn't handled the situation all that well so far."I
think she's been terribly close minded. We all saw how she reacted and I don't
think she bothered to talk it over with anyone yet. She's hasn't talked to any
of us and I doubt she's talked to Remus." Cassandra wasn't very happy with
Angela at the moment."But
she doesn't know anymore than Lily and I do. She also had to deal with it all
alone…I don't know what I would have done if I was the only one who knew. I
wouldn't know what to think. Hell! I still don't.""Sirius!
You're actually defending Angela? What is the world coming to?"
James said with a smirk, hoping to lighten the mood a bit."NO!"
Sirius said quickly. "I just don't think we should be pointing fingers at anyone
yet. I mean, we agreed to hear Remus out, but not Angela? What if it had been
me or Lily?" Sirius asked logically. James just chuckled to himself and shook
his head."Okay,
okay! Enough excitement for one day! Let's go." They all gathered together once
more under the cloak, with James holding his breath most of the way and made
their way back to the common room. None of them felt really resolved on
anything, though they did all seem to feel a little better after getting things
out into the open. That is until the boys returned to their dormitory to find
no sign of Remus.A/N: I finally thought up a good non-evil plot for
Peter! Unfortunately, I can't put it into effect until at least 6th
year and that's at the very earliest. Anyway, I know that shot at Peter's B.O.
was a little cheap, but I have to entertain myself somehow, don't I? Please
review!Thanks to…Rotae – Sorry, no Remus in this chappie. I promise
a big dose of him in the next one though…unless I decide to write another
chapter in between this one and that, which I don't think will happen, but you
never know. The next chapter was supposed to be Ch.31!Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous
chapters, it is most appreciated.









--------












A/N: I have had this chapter basically written for
over a month now and I'm happy to finally be using it.Disclaimer: No, I don't own Harry Potter. Want to
make something of it? Huh punk? Want to take this outside? I'll take you down!The Whole Story by Ebony IceCHAPTER 34- Werewolf in Shining ArmorJames,
Peter and Sirius didn't know what to do when they found Remus not in his bed
that night. They wondered if perhaps his absence was due to his condition and
he had just gone…wherever it was that he went during the full moon. They really
didn't know about the lunar calendar and so couldn't know for sure. However,
they agreed that it was much more likely that Remus had simply decided to stay
away from them all for a while, to clear his head and even to let them digest
this new information. Unfortunately, they didn't know exactly what had happened
to Remus and couldn't be sure of his whereabouts. They briefly considered
finding a professor to investigate, but decided against it. They didn't want to
get Remus or themselves in trouble. They figured that Remus would return when
he was ready and then they would have the big talk.Unfortunately,
Remus did not show up all the next day either, that's when they began to worry.
They knew that Remus was probably very upset about what had happened, but they
didn't know just what he would do about it. After dinner that day, they finally
decided that it was time to talk to a teacher. That was the first time that
they really realized that, not only had Remus lied, but their professors had as
well."I'm
sorry boys, but Remus has gone home for a day or two, his mother is very ill."
McGonagall explained. They knew better, now they all knew that Remus never had
a sick mother or a dead grandmother, but he himself was sick. They had been
lied to by not only their friend, but by the adults they were entrusted to.Now
most people would probably let the whole situation get the best of them. They
would ponder over the problem and worry about it, never quite solving their
troubles, but agonizing over them none the less. Not Sirius, Sirius wasn't most
people. Sirius didn't agonize over anything, he merely distracted himself from
whatever was troubling him. In Sirius' opinion, distracting oneself from his or
her problems could be most entertaining. After all, what better way to distract
oneself than a good prank.The
next day, Sirius continued about his business as usual. For weeks Sirius had
been looking for ways to torture Lucius Malfoy. You see, Malfoy had taken to
practically stalking Bianca Black around Hogwarts. Sirius in turn had taken to
stalking Malfoy. Sirius just couldn't understand what a slimy git like Malfoy
would want with his cousin, nor could he understand how Malfoy thought he even
had a chance…it was Malfoy! It just didn't make any sense. Sirius
figured that he could torture Malfoy to the point where he no longer liked
Bianca.James
of course was more than happy to participate in Lucius' torture and seemed to
agree with Sirius wholeheartedly that Malfoy was crazy and needed to be
discouraged. Either that or he saw humoring Sirius as a good way to justify
pranks on the love-struck Slytherin…not that he really cared to be justified,
but it was the principle of the thing.For
weeks, the pair had been discussing ways to end Malfoy's infatuation with
Sirius' cousin once and for all. Their plan was to humiliate Malfoy in front of
Bianca to the extent that Malfoy would cringe in embarrassment at even the
thought of approaching Bianca. They wanted to make Malfoy blush anytime he was even
in the same room with her. To Sirius and James it seemed logical that if Malfoy
couldn't even look at Bianca anymore, he certainly couldn't pursue her. The
question was how to achieve this.There
were plenty of ill-conceived ideas, such as another Veritaserum prank. This was
quickly discarded as it had already been done, by them no less, and far too
much trouble. They considered appearance altering charms; if only they could
turn Malfoy into a girl! This plan was also thrown out, it quite simply wasn't
embarrassing enough. No they needed something big, something absolutely
humiliating. Eventually an idea did come to them. The plan: to de-robe Mr.
Malfoy.This
scheme came from James, who claimed that he came upon the idea through a dream
of his, one of those dreams where you are naked and don't realize it until it's
too late. James thought that there was nothing more embarrassing than that.
James tried describing the dream…for reference, but Sirius was adamant about
ignoring James story; he really didn't need to hear about such things.The
trouble with this plan was that they had to be very careful. They didn't really
think that the professors would find it as amusing as they would, what with the
indecency. They had to be perfectly sure that no professor found out, but still
make sure that Bianca saw their antics, otherwise it would all be in vain. They
had been waiting for the right opportunity to present itself.Fortunately,
an opportunity did present itself. That day, Sirius had been watching his
cousin and Malfoy, hoping for today to be the day; he was more fidgety than
ever. His vigil paid off. After finishing breakfast, Bianca and a couple of her
Ravenclaw friends left the Great Hall together. Malfoy followed them, as he
usually did, and Sirius and James, seeing their chance, were not far behind.Bianca
and her friends stopped in the girls' toilet and Malfoy stopped and waited just
down the hall. Sirius and James grinned at each other and knew that it was
finally time. This was perfect...no professors in sight and only a few students
here and there, leaving very few witnesses to snitch on them.They
watched only a few moments as Malfoy looked dreamily toward the bathroom,
making sure that he was really unsuspecting of them. Then they pounced him from
behind, quickly pulling his robes over his head, giving Malfoy only a brief
glimpse of his attackers. Malfoy struggled as hard as he could, but James held
him back. Sirius grabbed Malfoy's undergarments and pulled them to the floor.
Frankly, being that close to a mostly naked Malfoy made them feel a little
sick, but for the sake of their prank they were able endure it for a few
moments. James and Sirius quickly let go and ran for cover.Bianca
and her friends came out just in time to see Malfoy struggling to untangle
himself from the robes above his head. At first they screamed, shocked at being
greeted by such a sight. However, they soon recovered and burst out into a fit
of giggles."L…look…look
at him! Who is that?" One of Bianca's friends asked through her laughter. "He's
so…pale!" At that moment, the robes fell back down, revealing a very flustered
Malfoy."Oh
my…it's Lucius Malfoy!" Bianca's other friend exclaimed. Bianca who had been
trying to shield her eyes, now just held a hand over her mouth to hide her
laughter. She felt bad for the boy, but she had to admit that it was kind of
funny.Malfoy
tried to hurry away, but forgot that his underwear was still around his ankles
and tripped. He caught himself before falling, but struggled in returning his
underwear to its proper position. He scurried off as quickly as he could,
leaving several students in hysterics.Sirius
and James congratulated each other on a job well done. Sirius then hurried off
to the boys' toilet to wash his hands. Touching Malfoy's underwear was not his
favorite activity, but he did believe that his objective had been reached and
so it his disgust was well worth it.It
didn't take long for the news of what had happened to spread. There was hardly
a soul, at least out of the students, who didn't know what Sirius and James had
done. James and Sirius were infinitely proud of their accomplishment and went
around patting each other on the back all day. Surprisingly, they had gained an
entourage of other Gryffindors, all of them dying to hear the tale. Sirius and
James of course embellished the story more and more as the day carried on.Malfoy
was the only one not laughing, in fact he was furious. His fellow Slytherins,
even first-years were laughing at him…it was an absolute disgrace! Malfoy vowed
that he would have his revenge and he would have it soon. He had seen Sirius
Black just before his robes had been pulled over his head, but he had not seen
anyone else. However, it was common knowledge that Black didn't do anything
without his companions and Malfoy knew exactly who to blame.The
first Black's friends that Malfoy found was Angela and to him it didn't much
matter that she didn't actually have anything to do with the prank. For him,
she was just as guilty as Black and so he wasted no time in confronting her."You
filthy little Mudblood!" Malfoy grabbed Angela's arm and spun her around. He
had caught up to her in one of the corridors and snuck up behind her. Angela
quickly ripped her arm from his grip and glared at him in disgust. "I suppose you
think it was real funny what you and your friends did!" Malfoy spat."I
don't know what you're talking about, Malfoy." She of course did know exactly
what he was talking about, even though James and Sirius hadn't bothered to
involve her, but she thought it would be best if Malfoy thought otherwise."I
think you do. You'll all pay, I promise." Malfoy said lowly. He had an evil
glint in his eyes."Ooo!
I'm really scared!" Angela threw her hands up in mock terror. Much to her
dismay, however, she did feel a tiny pinch of fear in her heart. Malfoy looked
livid, more so now than ever…and she knew that Slytherins could be a violent
bunch when they wanted to be. She also knew that Malfoy was not unknowledgeable
in the field of dark arts. She wasn't sure how well she would fare in a duel
with the older boy. Still, she pushed these thoughts to the back of her mind
and refused to back down. "What are you going to do? Call your precious
Professor Craig on me?" Malfoy stepped toward her ominously and Angela made a conscious
effort not to back away. She could practically feel the anger radiating off
Malfoy."No,
I think I can handle you myself, thanks." Angela smirked, looking more
confident than she felt."You
really think so? You think you're really tough don't you…the big man!" She
lowered her voice into a deadly whisper. "You're not as big as you think," Then
her grin twisted evilly and she added, "At least…that's what Bianca told me."
Angela knew immediately that that was the wrong thing to say. Malfoy's eyes widened
and Angela winced as Malfoy brought his hand up to strike her. In those few
seconds Angela knew that there really was nothing she could do to stop Malfoy,
so prepared for the blow.It
never came…Malfoy's
hand was stayed by a rather haggard and irritated looking Remus, who had
grabbed Malfoy's wrist. Malfoy glared angrily at Remus and Remus returned the
look. Malfoy tried to yank his arm away, but Remus held him for a moment, a
show of Remus' strength over Malfoy. It wasn't good to mess with Remus after one
of his transformations. Remus then pushed Malfoy into a wall, away from Angela."What
do you think you're doing" Remus asked angrily. Malfoy said nothing, only
straightened himself up and continued to stare at Remus indignantly.Remus
couldn't believe that Malfoy had the nerve to try and hit a girl…in the middle
of the corridor no less! He really didn't stop to think of just who he was
defending, just that Malfoy was about to do something very wrong and Remus was
in no mood to sit back and allow it.Angela
couldn't believe what Remus had just done. Was he really defending her?
However, neither had the chance to linger on such thoughts for long; they were
soon joined by Crabbe and Goyle."Hello
boys." Malfoy smirked at Remus and Angela. Now that he had his body guards
back, there was no longer a cause for concern. Crabbe and Goyle both headed
straight for Remus, Goyle was the first to swing."NO!"
Angela cried out as she watched Remus double over in pain from a harsh blow to
the stomach. A crowd was gathering now, but no one tried to stop the fight.
Angela didn't know what to do or how to stop Crabbe and Goyle; she felt
completely helpless.Surprisingly,
Remus was able to hold his own fairly well in the fight. He got in a few good
hits to both of his attackers, mostly to their faces and was even able to throw
them off of him a couple times. Unfortunately, Remus was only one person who
was already so very tired and Crabbe and Goyle were both much bigger than
Remus. It was obvious that Remus could not win this fight, though that didn't
stop him from trying."Break
it up! NOW!" Professor McGonagall and Professor Craig pushed their way thought
the ever-growing crowd. McGonagall grabbed Goyle and Craig grabbed Crabbe,
leaving Remus in the middle.Angela
gasped at the sight before her. Crabbe and Goyle both looked like they had
bruises forming on their faces, but Remus by far looked the worst. He was
hunched over slightly and had blood coming from his nose and bottom lip. He
would almost definitely have a black eye."You
three! Follow us!" Craig ordered. "Everyone else, MOVE!" The crowd quickly
dispersed. McGonagall and Craig began ushering Crabbe, Goyle and Remus away."Wait!
Professor!" Angela cried. "Remus didn't…" Craig whipped around."Ms
Pierce, I believe I told you to go!""But…""NOW!""But
you don't…""Ms.
Pierce, twenty house points from Gryffindor! Now go before I take fifty!"
Angela's shoulders shrugged in defeat. She tried to catch Remus' gaze, but he
didn't look back as he was led away. Remus could only think about what he had
lost in the past few days and how those would probably be his last days at
Hogwarts.A/N: So…interesting…Remus defended Angela, what do
you think? Please review!Thanks to…Cyberian-otter – I am trying to make my chapters a
little longer. I should probably go into a little more description, but that's
never been my strong point. Oh well, I try. I hope you enjoyed this chapter.
Thanks for reviewing!Rotae – Here's a bit of Remus for you! Not in his
usual form, but I think that Remus still has a whole different side to show us
and that's what I'm working on. More Remus next chapter! I hope you enjoy!
Thanks for reviewing!Bianca – I love your name! ;-) I'm glad you've been
enjoying my story so far and I hope you like what is to come as well. About the
past/present tense thing, yeah…I know. :-( I've always had trouble with that,
every time I write something I have to go back and check to make sure I didn't
mess the tenses up. On this story I haven't really been that diligent with
proofreading…I should probably work on that. Anyway, I'm babbling…thank you for
your honesty! I'll try to work on that. Thanks for reviewing! Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the
previous chapters, it is most appreciated.









--------










A/N: Wow…I think that this has been my longest
absence yet. Blame it on the day job (that would be school). Finding a college
is a pain in the ass.Disclaimer: If I owned Harry Potter I wouldn't have
to worry about going to college.The Whole Story by Ebony IceCHAPTER 35- Prayers UnansweredA
physical fight was very rare at the school of magic; most fights were solved
magically. Needless to say news of the fight between Remus, Crabbe and Goyle
spread fast, even by Hogwarts' gossip line standards.It
was the subject on everyone's lips by dinnertime and everyone had questions.
Rumors spread about the whole situation and stories were varied by which house
a person belonged to. The Gryffindors claimed Remus to be the victor, while
Slytherins insisted on Crabbe and Goyle's triumph.However,
the most disturbing thing about the fight was that there was no clue as to what
had happened to the perpetrators. There was no sign from Crabbe, Goyle or
Remus; it was all together very strange.Sitting in McGonagall's office, Remus had no
idea that the whole school was wondering about him and his whereabouts. In
fact, the only thing that crossed his mind was how he just screwed up
everything for himself. He had already known that he would no longer have his
friends, but at he least he still had Hogwarts, that would be enough, so he
hoped. Now though…now he had nothing. He'd be chucked out of school for sure
now!What
had he been thinking!? He knew he couldn't afford to get himself into this sort
of trouble. Just being who he is was trouble enough. Why did he put himself in
this position to defend someone who treated him like he didn't exist? On the
other hand, how could he just stand by and watch Malfoy hurt her? After all,
Angela was only acting as expected, acting like everyone would.Remus,
Crabbe and Goyle had all received a good verbal lashing for their actions and
told that they would not receive any magical help for their injuries. It was
part of their punishment, a learning experience so to speak. Craig apparently
believed that if they were made to suffer through the normal healing process,
they would be discouraged from such actions.The
three were not even given a chance to explain before McGonagall and Craig dealt
out detentions, lectured a bit more and then allowed Crabbe and Goyle to leave
and go get the normal bandages. By that time, it had already gotten pretty late
and Remus estimated that most of Hogwarts would already be in their common
rooms.Remus
didn't know why he was asked to stay behind, though he had an idea. Remus held
on to the hope that, since they had already assigned him punishments that he
was safe from expulsion. However, he knew that they might have just wanted to
deal with Crabbe and Golye before they dealt with him."Mr.
Lupin!" McGonagall's voice broke his thoughts. She sounded like she was just
barely keeping her temper. "Out of all the students, I would think that you
would be the most careful about avoiding such situations!" Remus lowered his
head in shame. He hated the utter disappointment in her voice. He knew that he
had let everyone down; he just wished that he didn't have to hear that tone
anymore, from anyone."I'm
sorry." Remus said quietly. What else could he say? If he would have looked up
at that moment, he might have seen McGonagall's expression soften, just
slightly. Craig on the other hand, remained unaffected and decided to add his
own thoughts."Sorry
won't cut it. Dumbledore generously let you into this school, knowing the
danger…" Remus flushed, "and this is how you repay him?""It
won't happen again, sir."Damn
right it won't!" Craig would have continued, by the received a warning look
from McGonagall and so finished his rant, adding only, "Your parents will be
informed of this incident." This made Remus' head snap up. He wasn't going to
be expelled? His heart lifted for a moment before plummeting once more. His
parents weren't going to be happy."Go
get yourself fixed up Mr. Lupin." McGonagall said, with almost a hint of
pity…almost.After
he had gotten cleaned up and had listened to Madam Pomfrey's scolding for a
fair amount of time, Remus trudged back to the common room. He prayed that
everyone had gone to bed already. He had no desire to face the inevitable
questions tonight."Remus,"
Apparently his prayers would not be answered this time…as usual.A/N: I don't even know if any of my old readers are
still watching out for this story, but if you are, thank you! Please review!Thanks to…coup d'etat 1TaylorXanyYoshimiWolfpsawThanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous
chapters, it is most appreciated.





--------










A/N: Hey second chapter in one day! Unless it takes
like five hours to load, then oh well. Actually, I've had these two chapters
basically written since last Spring Break, but it's taken this long to get them
typed, tweaked and proofread and this one isn't even proofread very well
(excuse the inevitable mistakes, I was getting anxious). It's kind of sad
really. Anyway, I don't have any more chapters even slightly written, expect
for a few that don't happen even happen until 4th year, fat lot of
good that does me. Maybe it's better this way, retyping is highly tedious and
not my favorite activity.Disclaimer: If I owned Harry Potter, I would buy
about a million boxes of Bottle Caps candy. Currently I am completely Bottle
Capless.The Whole Story by Ebony IceCHAPTER 36- The Guilty MindAngela
had always had trouble sleeping at night. Not necessarily because she had so
many worries and troubles, more because she loved the night. Everything was
more peaceful, no teachers, no arguing, not that she didn't like to argue
sometimes, especially with Sirius, but sometimes, it was just nice to be quiet
and still. Tonight however, Angela's sleeping troubles weren't caused by a want
of peace, she knew that no matter whether it was night or day, she wouldn't get
any peace.She
sat alone in the Gryffindor common room, long after everyone else had gone to
bed. She stared out at the waning moon…it was beautiful. She wondered how
something so glorious could have caused such trouble in her life…even more so
in Remus' life.Angela had told James, Sirius, Peter, Lily and Cassandra
about what had really happened. They were in shock at first, but were soon
praising Remus' actions and hoping that he wasn't in too much trouble.There
were also hints toward Angela about her treatment of Remus. The group would
slip in little comments here and there, perhaps to make her feel guilty. Angela
thought she already felt guilty enough, why did they think that they had to
make her feel worse?Half
of her just wanted to believe that he was a monster again; it would make things
so much easier. She wouldn't have to face the fact that she was wrong, that she
had misjudged Remus based on something as silly as the fact that he was a
werewolf. Okay…maybe it wasn't that silly, he did, after all, become a full-blown
bloodthirsty monster each month. Her opinion had changed slightly though; now
she knew how to distinguish between Remus the werewolf and Remus the boy. The
werewolf was the vicious one, but he only came out once a month. The rest of
the time Remus was the boy, the sweet innocent boy that she had misjudged. He
had never shown a shred of violence toward her, that was more than she could
say for Malfoy and Malfoy was just a normal boy! Well…maybe not normal. Still,
he was no werewolf, but he was more of a monster than Remus. Hell! She was more
of a monster than Remus!Whatever
happened to Remus now…she knew it was her fault. She had provoked Malfoy,
Malfoy had been ready to get violent with her, Remus defended her, Crabbe and
Golye ganged up on Remus and he defended himself. Remus was the only one who
had done the right thing that day and she knew that he was the one facing the
harshest consequences.None
of the other students would understand just how much trouble Remus might be in,
not even James and them. Angela had done her homework, she knew the views about
werewolves, she herself had been influenced by them. Werewolves weren't
guaranteed a magical education and for one to be admitted into a school,
especially a prestigious one like Hogwarts, was a privilege. Remus had been
walking a fine line and today might have just crossed it.This
knowledge was why she was sitting in the common room; she was waiting. Waiting
for Remus to come back and reassure her that everything would be all right,
that he wasn't kicked out of school. Though, even if that were the truth, what
reason would he have to ease any of her fears? She had done nothing but
ridicule and ignore him and he had come to her rescue despite all that and
gotten himself into horrible trouble. What more could she ask of him?Her
thoughts were interrupted by the opening of the common room door. She held her
breath; she knew it must be Remus, yet now she felt totally unprepared to face
him.As
Remus stepped through the portrait hole, into the common room, Angela noticed
that he really didn't look much different from earlier today. He was no longer
dripping with blood, however, bruises could now clearly be seen, even in the
dim light of the common room. The thing that worried Angela the most about his
appearance was the look of exhaustion and utter defeat on his face. He didn't
even seem to notice her and Angela debated for a moment whether or not she
should say anything. Maybe she should just let it go for tonight. No, she
couldn't, she had to get this out.Just
as she was about to call to him, someone else said,"Remus."
She panicked and quickly sunk down in the armchair she was sitting in, so not
to be seenA/N: Please review!Thanks also to everyone who reviewed the previous
chapters, it is most appreciated.

